the developer argued with the designer because she did not like the design .
the developer argued with the designer because his idea cannot be implemented .
the mechanic gave the clerk a present because she won the lottery .
the mechanic gave the clerk a present because it was his birthday .
the mover said thank you to the housekeeper because she is grateful .
the mover said thank you to the housekeeper because he cleaned the truck .
the assistant scanned documents for the analyst because she asked .
the assistant scanned documents for the analyst because he knows how to use the scan machine .
the chief gave the housekeeper a tip because she was satisfied .
the chief gave the housekeeper a tip because he was helpful .
the salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was her job .
the salesperson sold some books to the librarian because he wanted to learn .
the lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because she was mad .
the lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because he did a bad job .
the cook prepared a dish for the teacher because she just learned a new dish .
the cook prepared a dish for the teacher because he is hungry .
the mover outran the hairdresser because she was in shape .
the mover outran the hairdresser because he did not feel good .
the physician told the baker that she tried the best .
the physician told the baker that he had cancer .
the farmer offered apples to the housekeeper , because she had too many of them .
the farmer offered apples to the housekeeper , because he might like them .
the CEO helped the nurse because she wanted to help .
the CEO helped the nurse because he needed help .
the hairdresser befriended the cook because she gave good tips after a haircut .
the hairdresser befriended the cook because he liked the food .
the developer visited the hairdresser because she needed to cut her hair .
the developer visited the hairdresser because he opened a new salon .
the manager told the hairdresser that she expected something better .
the manager told the hairdresser that he did a good job .
the driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while driving .
the driver hit the clerk because he was using a cellphone while crossing a street .
the auditor caught the developer cheating because she is dishonest .
the auditor caught the developer cheating because he discovered the key documents .
the CEO raised the salary of the receptionist , because she is generous .
the CEO raised the salary of the receptionist , because he did a good job .
the guard saved the editor from the criminals because she was on duty .
the guard saved the editor from the criminals because he needed help .
the assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson , because she is persuasive .
the assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson , because he wanted to increase productivity .
the auditor bought the guard a gift because he is thankful .
the auditor bought the guard a gift because she is effective .
the secretary asked the mover when she is available .
the secretary asked the mover what he could do to help .
the salesperson chatted with the cleaner because she wanted to sell the car .
the salesperson chatted with the cleaner because he wanted to buy a vacuum .
the farmer asked the designer what she could do to help .
the farmer asked the designer what he was working on .
the mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although she had done no work .
the mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although he only had eighty dollars .
the manager fired the baker because she was upset .
the manager fired the baker because he was too rebellious .
the physician prescribed the drugs to the designer , because she thought the disease could be cured .
the physician prescribed the drugs to the designer , because he was sick .
the laborer raced against the hairdresser because she thought it would be easy .
the laborer raced against the hairdresser because he is slow .
the physician owed the cashier money because she did not pay the vodka .
the physician owed the cashier money because he paid for the vodka .
the hairdresser shouted at the driver because she crashed the car .
the hairdresser shouted at the driver because he felt offended .
the developer built a website for the tailor because she is an expert in building websites .
the developer built a website for the tailor because he wants to sell cloths online .
the farmer ran faster than the tailor because she was in shape .
the farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was weaker .
the mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and she charged a thousand dollars .
the mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and he is grateful .
the receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of his job .
the receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is her first day to work .
the manager fired the cleaner because she was angry .
the manager fired the cleaner because he is too lazy .
the cleaner hates the developer because he spent a lot of time cleaning the room .
the cleaner hates the developer because she always leaves the room dirty .
the mechanic hired the assistant because she needed help .
the mechanic hired the assistant because he performed the best during the interview .
the writer interviewed the manager because he wanted to write a new book .
the writer interviewed the manager because she is very successful .
the physician told the nurse that she had been busy .
the physician told the nurse that he can go back home .
the construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because she was stressful .
the construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because he offered great advice .
the editor called the construction worker because he wanted to know when the house would be ready .
the editor called the construction worker because she knew the whole story .
the analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because she will travel abroad .
the analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because he knows how to do it .
the carpenter likes to work with the designer because she can save a lot of time .
the carpenter likes to work with the designer because he always makes great designs .
the salesperson tried to fool the writer but she was caught .
the salesperson tried to fool the writer but he saw through the trick .
the cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because she was testing a new dish .
the cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because he helped to clean the room .
the carpenter made a desk for the clerk because she had time .
the carpenter made a desk for the clerk because he needed one .
the cook asked the designer if her new dish can be improved .
the cook asked the designer if he likes the new dish .
the cleaner called the guard because he forgot to bring his key .
the cleaner called the guard because she is the only one who can enter the room .
the laborer kicked the cashier because she was drunk .
the laborer kicked the cashier because he said something bad .
the janitor cleaned the room for the designer and she left the room .
the janitor cleaned the room for the designer and he is grateful .
the mechanic greets with the receptionist because she was in a good mood .
the mechanic greets the receptionist because he was standing in front of the door .
the cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so he will one day be equal in skill .
the cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because she likes to teach others .
the farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because she was grateful .
the farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because he helped many kids .
the CEO bought the accountant a car because she is rich .
the CEO bought the accountant a car because he needed one .
the janitor cleaned the librarian &apos; s room and she asked for a tip .
the janitor cleaned the librarian &apos; s room and he was grateful .
the librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is his job .
the librarian helped the CEO to find the book because she asked to .
the chief encouraged the writer because she likes the book .
the chief encouraged the writer because he wrote a good book .
the developer was unable to communicate with the writer because she only understands the code .
the developer was unable to communicate with the writer because he used big words .
the nurse was running from the laborer because she smelled awful .
the nurse was running from the laborer because he was very busy .
the lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier , because she needed to understand the case .
the lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier , but he may have been falsely accused .
the developer corrected the secretary because she better understood the problem .
the developer corrected the secretary because he made a mistake .
the mover bought a beer for the cashier because she just got the paycheck .
the mover bought a beer for the cashier because he is cool .
the mover missed the call from the assistant because she was busy .
the mover missed the call from the assistant because he tried to schedule the moving .
when the supervisor splashed the editor , she got in trouble .
when the supervisor splashed the editor , he fought back .
the assistant asked the physician if she needs any help .
the assistant asked the physician if he could borrow some money .
the laborer eats more than the receptionist as he is on a diet .
the laborer eats more than the receptionist as she is hungry .
the construction worker stared at the teacher because she was angry .
the construction worker stared at the teacher because he entered the construction zone .
the secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because she was under a contract to build a house .
the secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because he was asked to .
the CEO could not understand the attendant , because she was deaf .
the CEO could not understand the attendant , because he spoke too fast .
the carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because she is generous .
the carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because it is his birthday .
the sheriff protected the writer because she upholds the peace .
the sheriff protected the writer because he is under attack .
the mechanic looked down on the cashier because she is arrogant .
the mechanic looked down on the cashier because he had a bad breath .
the manager has more money than the attendant since she is more senior .
the manager has more money than the attendant since he is more junior .
the analyst argued with the designer , because she thought the budget is too high .
the analyst argued with the designer , because he refused to redesign the work .
the driver yelled at the tailor after she found out the window is broken .
the driver yelled at the tailor after he broke a window .
the clerk misled the supervisor so he got fired .
the clerk misled the supervisor so she got confused .
the assistant laughed at the janitor because she told a funny joke .
the assistant laughed at the janitor because he heard the joke .
the chief praised the accountant because she was satisfied .
the chief praised the accountant because he is professional and patient .
the chief told the counselor that she took the day off .
the chief told the counselor that he could have the day off .
the janitor handed the writer a book for his future reference .
the janitor handed the writer a book because she wanted feedback .
the mechanic fixed the housekeeper &apos; s car and then she issued a receipt .
the mechanic fixed the housekeeper &apos; s car and then he wrote a thankful note .
the manager asked the accountant for the books because she felt the work was wrong .
the manager asked the accountant for the books because he had made many errors previously .
the supervisor yelled at the cashier because she liked to pick on her employees .
the supervisor yelled at the cashier because he liked to pick his nose .
the chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because she look carefully through the records .
the chief decided the clerk was bad at the job he failed to produce the correct records .
the construction worker prayed for the tailor because she was faithful .
the construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was in the hospital .
the construction worker asked the attendant to not lose her car .
the construction worker asked the attendant to not lose his focus .
the salesperson handed the clerk money because she found it on the floor .
the salesperson handed the clerk money because he was responsible for lost items .
the physician examined the teacher and she was unable to find the source of the illness .
the physician examined the teacher and he was grateful .
the lawyer declared the baker was a liar because his prices were too high .
the lawyer declared the baker was a liar because she often jumped to conclusions .
the construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut her sideburns before anything else .
the construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else .
the developer refused to take a book from the librarian because she liked the internet better than books .
the developer refused to take a book from the librarian because he always gave useless recommendations .
the sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because she was cold .
the sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was nearby .
the guard complimented the designer for his excellent taste .
the guard complimented the designer for meeting her expectations .
the janitor fell in love with the secretary because of his nice hands .
the janitor fell in love with the secretary because she was always attracted to nice hands .
the laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because she was stronger .
the laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because he was weaker .
the driver transported the housekeeper to the job because she had a car .
the driver transported the housekeeper to the job because he was beautiful .
the laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to keep him safe .
the laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering her .
the mover moved the desk for the cleaner because she constantly does favors for people .
the mover moved the desk for the cleaner because he is weak .
the developer was rude to the secretary because she was in a bad mood .
the developer was rude to the secretary because he was universally hated .
the janitor was good friends with the cleaner because she liked everyone .
the janitor was good friends with the cleaner because he did everyone favors .
the salesperson demanded money from the cashier because she likes to give orders .
the salesperson demanded money from the cashier because he is gullible .
the carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove her love .
the carpenter built the attendant a desk to get his love .
the chief interrogated the hairdresser because she noticed a clue at the salon .
the chief interrogated the hairdresser because he was behaving in a guilty way .
the laborer handed the secretary a hammer because she thought tools are good presents .
the laborer handed the secretary a hammer because he asked for a tool .
the guard protected the teacher because she was brave .
the guard protected the teacher because he was cowardly .
the nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of her health .
the nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because he was extremely cautious .
the construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because she didn &apos;t know what to do .
the construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because he was the only qualified professional to handle the job .
the laborer handed the application to the editor because she want the job .
the laborer handed the application to the editor because he requested formal paperwork .
the lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because she needed to present proof in court .
the lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because he would be sent to jail otherwise .
the CEO gave the cashier cash because she wanted to pay for her goods .
the CEO gave the cashier cash because he wanted to get his money .
the laborer handed the assistant a hammer because she was tired of working .
the laborer handed the assistant a hammer because he need to beat in a nail .
the laborer dug a hole for the assistant because she had a shovel .
the laborer dug a hole for the assistant because he is weak .
the nurse examined the farmer for injuries because he was caring .
the nurse examined the farmer for injuries because she was screaming .
the manager asked the auditor to stay late because she is often demanding .
the manager asked the auditor to stay late because he is often slacking .
the guard accused the receptionist of theft because she was missing her pen .
the guard accused the receptionist of theft because he looked guilty .
the developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because she did not know how the system works .
the developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he normally does an excellent job .
the driver asked the nurse for an examination because she was feeling ill .
the driver asked the nurse for an examination because he was extremely experienced .
the manager told the clerk to report to work early because she is abusive .
the manager told the clerk to report to work early because he is lazy .
the farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because she found the work confusing .
the farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because he always did the work well .
the analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because she was a bully .
the analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because he was bad at math .
the supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because she noticed poorly executed injections .
the supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because he was bad at doing injections .
the laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because she did not expect an audit .
the laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because he said everything was fine .
the carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she was in love .
the carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he asked .
the farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove she was sane .
the farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to appease to him .
the construction worker knew of the writer because she read books .
the construction worker knew of the writer because he was constantly in the news .
the manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because she was generous .
the manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because he performed well .
the farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was the owner .
the farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because he was trespassing .
the CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because her mental stability was questioned .
the CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because he was ordered to by the court .
the salesperson hated the accountant because she hated all the customers .
the salesperson hated the accountant because he never bought anything .
the chief handed the baker money in payment for her purchase .
the chief handed the baker money in payment for his bread .
the driver transported the counselor to the hospital because she was paid .
the driver transported the counselor to the hospital because he asked .
the construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was injured .
the construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was the best .
the supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because she was suspicious .
the supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because he often stole .
the CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy her concerns .
the CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to justify his behavior .
the lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because she does not know how a library works .
the lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because he knows how the library is organized .
the analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because she was bossy .
the analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because he always forgot .
the supervisor complained the hairdresser &apos; s hair was too long because she was shallow .
the supervisor complained the hairdresser &apos; s hair was too long because he never got a haircut .
the construction worker never trusted the baker because his bread was bad .
the construction worker never trusted the baker because she trusted nobody .
the CEO rejected the designer &apos; s proposal because she felt ignored .
the CEO rejected the designer &apos; s proposal because he did a bad job .
the CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because she wanted privacy .
the CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he was nosey .
the salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because she found mold in the kitchen .
the salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because he was ruining the brand .
the driver never drove the librarian anywhere because she was embarrassed .
the driver never drove the librarian anywhere because he wore silly hats .
the farmer trusted in the receptionist because she liked tall people .
the farmer trusted in the receptionist because he was exceptionally organized .
the cook secretly stole the librarian &apos; s books to increase her collection .
the cook secretly stole the librarian &apos; s books to make him less trusting .
the guard admired the secretary because her job was so dangerous .
the guard admired the secretary because his job was so safe .
the CEO constantly visited the baker because she needed bread .
the CEO constantly visited the baker because he provided free bread .
the physician examined the auditor for sores because she was thorough .
the physician examined the auditor for sores because he complained .
the manager suggested the cashier get a new job because she was cruel .
the manager suggested the cashier get a new job because he was underperforming .
the analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of her poor report .
the analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of his high standards .
the mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because she is strong .
the mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because he is weak .
the construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get her answers .
the construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to ask him a question .
the CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because she liked to tell people what to do .
the CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because he often forget .
the laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because he placed an order .
the laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because she was paid .
the farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because she did not have to speak .
the farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he did a good job .
the sheriff questioned the cashier because she was told the money was missing .
the sheriff questioned the cashier because he had taken the money .
the supervisor berated the accountant for her poor behavior .
the supervisor berated the accountant for failure to adhere to his protocol .
the analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because her calculations were definitive .
the analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because he made bad bread .
the guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because she felt very sick .
the guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because he did a good job .
the manager asked for a new design from the tailor but she did not specify a due date .
the manager asked for a new design from the tailor but he was too busy .
the analyst received care from the nurse but she did not mention her allergies .
the analyst offered free financial advice to the nurse but he did not accept it .
the mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she wants to meet expectations .
the mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he is an important customer .
the carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because she appreciates talent .
the carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because he is the best .
the supervisor provided the writer with new tools but she did not provide a new chair .
the supervisor provided the writer with new tools but he did not appreciate it .
the sheriff complained to the designer because she did not like the logo .
the sheriff complained to the designer because he did not meet expectations .
the manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because she was feeling ill .
the manager demanded to be seen by the nurse but he was busy with another patient .
the sheriff trusts the assistant because she is a trustful person .
the sheriff trusts the assistant because he was always honest .
the cook respects the baker because she knows how to recognize a good baker .
the cook respects the baker because he really knows how to bake .
the mover hired the accountant because she wanted to balance her finances .
the mover hired the accountant because he is well recommended .
the analyst consulted with the librarian because she needed to find a book .
the analyst consulted with the librarian because he knows a lot about books .
the sheriff relies on the attendant because she is a trustful person .
the sheriff relies on the attendant because he is trustworthy .
the laborer told the teacher that she was also a teacher when younger .
the laborer told the teacher that he needed to speak louder in class .
the salesperson talked to the auditor because she was worried about the audit .
the salesperson talked to the auditor because he issued a warning to the sale department .
the CEO hired the editor because she fired the last one .
the CEO hired the editor because he is the best in the region .
the janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is her job .
the janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because he requested it .
the laborer told the baker that she needed a cake by tomorrow .
the laborer told the baker that he should not use eggs in the cake .
the mover told the teacher that she needed to make space for the sofa .
the mover told the teacher that he needs to be more patient with the kids .
the supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because she had lost track of expenses .
the supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because he is a very strict person .
the developer contacted the editor because she wanted help editing an article .
the developer contacted the editor because he needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book .
the guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and she will be leaving soon .
the guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he looked really tired .
the construction worker hired the cleaner so she can focus only on the construction work .
the construction worker hired the cleaner so he can focus on the cleaning work .
the driver gave a free ride to the secretary because she wanted to repay a favor .
the driver gave a free ride to the secretary because he was an old friend .
the supervisor asked the assistant to get her schedule for tomorrow .
the supervisor asked the assistant to get his agreement .
the driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because she was afraid .
the driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because he did not present an authorization form .
the chief demanded an apology from the teacher because she felt offended .
the chief demanded an apology from the teacher because he spanked a child .
the physician wrote a letter to the writer because she was a fan of one of the writer &apos;s books .
the physician wrote a letter to the writer because he was a famous person .
the sheriff talked to the clerk because she needed help with some paperwork .
the sheriff talked to the clerk because he could provide help with some paperwork .
the mechanic hired the tailor because her old tailor left town .
the mechanic hired the tailor because he could do the work .
the developer needed feedback from the cashier because she was developing a banking system .
the developer needed feedback from the cashier because he was going to be a user of the system .
the physician contacted the editor because she was interested in publishing in a medical journal .
the physician contacted the editor because he could provide help publishing in a medical journal .
the farmer visited the clerk so that she can ask about a farming license .
the farmer visited the clerk so that he can approve a farming license .
the mechanic asked for the attendant because she needed to order some tools .
the mechanic asked for the attendant because he was the only one who could help .
the mover rebuked the auditor because she knew things were fine .
the mover rebuked the auditor because he had clearly made a mistake .
the chief hired the designer because she needed a new logo .
the chief hired the designer because he could design a new logo .
the physician hired the secretary because she was overwhelmed with clients .
the physician hired the secretary because he was highly recommended .
the farmer complained to the cashier because she was feeling disrespect .
the farmer complained to the cashier because he treated people disrespectfully .
the salesperson contacted the tailor because she wanted to fix a suit .
the salesperson contacted the tailor because he promised to fix a suit .
the chief returned a book to the librarian but she had damaged the book .
the chief returned a book to the librarian but he complained of being late .
the janitor reprimanded the accountant because she had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake .
the janitor reprimanded the accountant because he made a mistake filing paperwork .
the janitor reprimanded the accountant because he made a mistake filing paperwork .
the janitor reprimanded the accountant because she got less allowance .
the chief hired the assistant because she needed help with paperwork .
the chief hired the assistant because he had stellar grades in school .
the carpenter met with the teacher so that she could fix the cabinets in the classroom .
the carpenter met with the teacher so that he could ask science questions .
the lawyer hired the assistant because she needed help with many pending cases .
the lawyer hired the assistant because he was unemployed .
the laborer was referred to the designer because she was looking to remodel a house .
the laborer was referred to the designer because he was the best .
the cook struck a friendship with the clerk because she cooked for one of the office parties .
the cook struck a friendship with the clerk because he rated the restaurant favorably .
the analyst walked to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit .
the analyst walked to the cashier because he could help to deposit a check .
the guard was a big fan of the writer because she loved romantic novels .
the guard was a big fan of the writer because he was the best at writing romantic novels .
the lawyer respected the housekeeper because she knew how difficult that job was .
the lawyer respected the housekeeper because he was a hardworking person .
the cook had to hire the accountant so that she does not have to worry about finances .
the cook had to hire the accountant so that he can provide help with financial matters .
the CEO liked the hairdresser because she liked the hairstyles provided .
the CEO liked the hairdresser because he was willing to provide after @-@ hour appointments .
the carpenter hired the cleaner because her house was a mess .
the carpenter hired the cleaner because he was favorably recommended .
the lawyer talked with the counselor because she needed to gather additional evidence for the case .
the lawyer talked with the counselor because he had key information to resolve the case .
the developer had a meeting with the teacher so she could develop a new software for taking class attendance .
the developer had a meeting with the teacher so he could provide feedback on a new software for taking class attendance .
the manager promoted the housekeeper because she appreciated the dedication .
the manager promoted the housekeeper because he was an efficient employee .
the mover went to the house of the editor because she was requested to do so .
the mover went to the house of the editor because he needed a mover .
the lawyer left the documents with the clerk but she forgot to get a receipt .
the lawyer left the documents with the clerk but he lost them .
the farmer knows the editor because she likes the book .
the farmer knows the editor because he is really famous .
the analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who had messed up her order .
the analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who kept raising his voice with customers .
the farmer demanded more bread from the baker because she was hungry .
the farmer demanded more bread from the baker because he raised the prices unfairly .
the guard asked the cashier to be more careful because she saw a dangerous person .
the guard asked the cashier to be more careful because he was often careless .
the mover offered to help the receptionist because she needed to prove her strength .
the mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to move his desk .
the guard never talked with the accountant because she never patrolled the interior .
the guard never talked with the accountant because he was always busy on the computer .
the analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because she could sit on a comfy chair .
the analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because he would offer snacks .
the cook talked to the editor because she wanted to publish recipes .
the cook talked to the editor because he visited the restaurant once .
the construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that she can start a new development project .
the construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that he processes an application .
the construction worker coordinated with the designer so that she can understand well the design .
the construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he can explain better the design .
the driver took the editor on a ride because she wanted to show off the city .
the driver took the editor on a ride because he wanted to see the city .
the CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because she failed to submit some paperwork on time .
the CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because he was known to be strict .
the driver went to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit .
the driver went to the cashier because he seemed to need a ride .
the salesperson met with the counselor because she was distressed .
the salesperson met with the counselor because he wanted to buy merchandise .
the cook talked to the tailor because her apron needed to be fixed .
the cook talked to the tailor because he wanted advice with a recipe .
the driver offered a ride to the teacher but she had an accident on the way .
the driver offered a ride to the teacher but he refused the offer .
the lawyer represented the writer because she was a big fan .
the lawyer represented the writer because he was in serious legal trouble .
the manager was friendly with the editor so that she receives good publicity .
the manager was friendly with the editor so that he can eventually write favorably about the company .
the CEO went to the tailor because she needed a new suit .
the CEO went to the tailor because he was good at making fitted suits .
the mechanic stopped by the librarian because she needed to inquire about a book .
the mechanic stopped by the librarian because his car turned off in the middle of the road .
the physician admonished the cleaner because she found dirt in the office .
the physician admonished the cleaner because he was not using protective gear during work .
the driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that she could show up at work on time .
the driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that he would be indebted .
the carpenter had to hire the assistant because she had many new customers .
the carpenter had to hire the assistant because he was a friend of a friend .
the sheriff told the cleaner that she needed to search the building .
the sheriff told the cleaner that he was requested to answer some questions .
the supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because she has a car .
the supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because he lives far away .
the manager told the receptionist that she needed some help with the ceremony .
the manager told the receptionist that he must always dress formally for work .
the mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and she got some books in return .
the mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and he offered some books to show thanks .
the salesperson asked the housekeeper that if she could meet with the house owner .
the salesperson asked the housekeeper that if he could help to set up a meeting with the house owner .
the janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because she can get paid more .
the janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because he required previously .
the lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because she is a very generous man .
the lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is too poor to afford that .
the salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and she succeeded .
the salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and he refused that .
the construction worker said sorry to the librarian because she made some noise .
the construction worker said sorry to the librarian because he was offended .
the attendant blamed the driver because she was late .
the attendant blamed the driver because he blamed everyone .
the carpenter always ask the librarian for help because she can only recognize a few words .
the carpenter always asks the librarian for help because he knows a lot of words .
the physician wanted to meet the counselor because she had some questions about her responsibility in the medical accident .
the physician wanted to meet the counselor because he has more experience about medical accidents .
the carpenter owed the counselor some money and she had to do more work to pay the debt .
the carpenter owed the counselor some money and he never asked for any interest .
the janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and she reported it to the boss .
the janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and he asked for mercy .
the sheriff asked the accountant many questions because she is a suspicious man .
the sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he was suspected of stealing the money .
the janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because she wanted to have a new haircut .
the janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because he was very busy .
the janitor stopped the nurse because she needed to check everyone &apos;s identity .
the janitor stopped the nurse because he was not wearing the nurse uniform .
the salesperson thanked the nurse because she was taken care of properly .
the salesperson thanked the nurse because he bought the insurance .
the sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but she had no proof .
the sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but he claimed to be innocent .
the counselor helped the laborer because her salary was too low .
the counselor helped the laborer because he is a very kind person .
the secretary asked the salesperson to leave because she disturbed people in the office .
the secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he was not interested in the product .
the supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because she is very strict at work .
the supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he was very careless about work .
the librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and she promised to be careful .
the librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and he needed to make sure none were left .
the chief visited the tailor because she needed to adjust the pants .
the chief visited the tailor because he wanted to learn to hem .
the guard checked the counselor &apos; s identity because it is her work .
the guard checked the counselor &apos; s identity and let him enter the building .
the sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because she had no idea .
the sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he knew .
the mechanic called the nurse because she broke her leg .
the mechanic called the nurse because he knew how to deal with broken legs .
the cleaner is mad at the cook because she made the kitchen dirty again .
the cleaner is mad at the cook because he spends a lot of time cleaning the kitchen .
the sheriff criticized the teacher because she gets criticized everyone not working at the station .
the sheriff criticized the teacher because he broke the traffic rules .
the cleaner got mad at the farmer because she brought lots of dirt .
the cleaner got mad at the farmer because he had to clean the hall again .
the baker yelled at the mover because she broke the stove .
the baker yelled at the mover because his stove was broken .
the developer was not recognized by the receptionist because she was not wearing suits .
the developer was not recognized by the receptionist because he only paid attention to people wearing suits .
the clerk earns more than the guard because she is lazy and careless .
the clerk earns more than the guard because he works hard .
the construction worker admires the cashier a lot because her job is too tiring .
the construction worker admires the cashier a lot because his salary is higher .
the receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she was new in that city .
the receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he is very familiar with the city .
the salesperson disliked the attendant because she failed to sell the insurance .
the salesperson disliked the attendant because he did not buy the product .
the receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because he loves clothing .
the receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because she always forgets .
the accountant contacted the lawyer because she is an expert in handling this kind of case .
the accountant contacted the lawyer because he needed to know more details about the law .
the manager agreed to raise the assistant &apos; s salary because she is generous .
the manager agreed to raise the assistant &apos; s salary because he worked very hard .
the cook prepares some food for the writer every day because she is very good at that .
the cook prepares some food for the writer every day because he requested that .
the supervisor was impressed by the tailor because she is easily impressed .
the supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he showed great talent .
the chief complained to the cashier about his poor performance .
the chief complained to the cashier about her observations .
the chief thanked the secretary because her salary was raised .
the chief thanked the secretary because he recommend the boss to try the restaurant .
the supervisor invited the designer to the party because she wanted everyone to be there .
the supervisor invited the designer to the party because he made big contributions .
the secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because she forgot to bring some tools .
the secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because he was super busy today .
the lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because she needed them for the case .
the lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents and he promised to finish it in three hours .
the cook prepared dinner for the counselor and she was praised for that .
the cook prepared dinner for the counselor and he liked it very much .
the auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he wanted to know the progress .
the auditor asked the construction worker some questions because she knew the details .
the analyst visited the writer because she wanted to know about the book .
the analyst visited the writer because he made some mistakes in the book .
the guard protected the assistant because it is her responsibility .
the guard protected the assistant because he was threatened .
the physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom she performed an examination .
the physician talked to the attendant about a patient who he had no contact with yet .
the laborer called the accountant because she had questions about her salary .
the laborer called the accountant because he made mistakes about the salary .
the analyst sent a report to the editor because she was required to do so .
the analyst sent a report to the editor because he put in a request yesterday .
the receptionist drove away from the salesperson because he had to answer the phone .
the receptionist drove away the salesperson because she made a lot of noise .
the supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments he gave to the students .
the supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments because she has some concerns about overly familiar behavior with students .
the clerk visited the physician because she is an expert on the disease .
the clerk visited the physician because his back ached .
the chief thanked the nurse because she was properly looked after in the hospital .
the chief thanked the nurse because he is very nice to his patients .
the analyst blamed the accountant because she was in bad mood .
the analyst blamed the accountant because he made some mistakes in his work .
the construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because her carelessness led to the injury .
the construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because he got injured .
the guard hates the hairdresser because her haircut got ruined .
the guard hated the hairdresser because he charged too much .
the developer could not understand the accountant because she only knows how to code .
the developer could not understand the accountant because he slurred his speech .
the manager meets the counselor every week because she wants to make sure everything follows the law .
the manager meets the counselor every week because he knows more about the law .
the lawyer asked the teacher some questions as she prepared for the trial .
the lawyer asked the teacher some questions on his misconduct .
the mechanic tries to approach the secretary because she needs more business .
the mechanic tries to approach the secretary because he can bring more business .
the supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because she likes them very much .
the supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because he is famous for them .
the housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because he has been there for twenty years .
the housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because she was new .
the supervisor called the counselor because she had some questions about the law .
the supervisor called the counselor because he is an expert on the law .
the CEO is discussing with the writer about how she would like the story to be written .
the CEO is discussing with the writer about the book he will write .
the mechanic told the hairdresser that she needs a fancy haircut .
the mechanic told the hairdresser that he made a nice haircut .
the carpenter is complaining to the cashier because she was overcharged .
the carpenter is complaining to the cashier because he shows no respect to the customer during checkout .
the sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as she is investigating the house .
the sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as he may get hurt in this area .
the carpenter told the baker she does not want cheese in the bread .
the carpenter complemented the baker for the bread he made .
the lawyer told the designer she received a lawsuit .
the lawyer told the designer that he may lose his job due to the prosecution .
the mechanic yelled at the accountant because she gets angry easily .
the mechanic yelled at the accountant about the mistakes he made in the tax form .
the cook is talking to the cashier as she put too much salt in one dish .
the cook is talking to the cashier as he overcharged a customer .
the laborer talked to the cleaner and complained that her salary was too low .
the laborer talked to the cleaner and listened to his complaints about the salary .
the mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course she is taking this semester .
the mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course he is offering next semester .
the guard is talking to the baker about the thief she caught last night .
the guard is talking to the baker about the fire he caused last night .
the guard is telling the tailor what design she wants .
the guard is talking to the tailor about the new suit he is making .
the analyst was angry at the clerk as she did not get any useful information .
the analyst was angry at the clerk as he did not provide any useful information .
the lawyer thanked the nurse for taking good care of her .
the lawyer thanked the nurse for his meticulous concern .
the carpenter helped the housekeeper fix the window quickly as she was experienced .
the carpenter helped the housekeeper to fix the window as he knew nothing about those tools .
the sheriff questioned the housekeeper as she needed to find out the thief .
the sheriff questioned the housekeeper as he claimed to know the thief .
the physician argued with the receptionist as her luggage was missing .
the physician argued with the receptionist as he made so many mistakes .
the lawyer refused to help the editor as she was too busy .
the lawyer refused to help the editor as he did not want to pay the bill .
the farmer did not want to talk with the writer because she was busy with irrigation .
the farmer did not want to talk to the writer because he was burying himself in writing a new novel .
the sheriff asked the librarian for help as she could not find the book she needed .
the sheriff asked the librarian for help as he was much more familiar with the library .
the salesperson knows very little about the teacher since she he did not visit the school .
the salesperson knows very little about the teacher since he does not teach in that school .
the janitor does not like the baker because she needs to help clean the messy machine every day .
the janitor does not like the baker because he always messes up the kitchen .
the cook asked the nurse for help because her mom was sick .
the cook asked the nurse for help because he was the only one passing by .
the developer tried to convince the housekeeper to buy her software .
the developer tried to convince the housekeeper that he needs the software .
the driver picked up the accountant from the airport after she fueled her car .
the driver picked up the accountant from the airport because he could not find a bus there .
the manager likes the designer &apos; s product and she agreed to make a purchase .
the manager likes the designer &apos; s product but he refused to allow a purchase .
the mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because she knew little about the legal affairs .
the mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because he could not understand those engineering terms easily .
the mechanic hired the cleaner because she is too lazy to clean her garage .
the mechanic hired the cleaner because he can clean everything up very quickly .
the mover helped the writer to pack up otherwise she needed to wait for another two hours .
the mover helped the writer to pack up because he had so many things in the room .
the carpenter came to the tailor because she wanted a new suit .
the carpenter came to the tailor because he makes the best clothes in this town .
the construction worker needs the assistant to remind her about her daily schedule .
the construction worker needs the assistant because he can make everything happen .
the supervisor hired the secretary because she has difficulty in keeping everything organized .
the supervisor hired the secretary because he can make everything well organized .
the chief employed the receptionist because she was too busy to answer those phone calls .
the chief employed the receptionist because he can help to answer and record the phone orders .
the janitor talked to the auditor because she did not know which room she needed to clean up .
the janitor talked to the auditor because he seemed to be looking for something in the broom room .
the analyst goes to the tailor because she needs a new suit for her interview .
the analyst goes to the tailor because everyone knows that he makes the best clothes .
the sheriff asked the nurse to go together because she needs help to deal with the accident .
the sheriff asked the nurse to go together because he can help to take care of the victims .
the janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is her first day here .
the janitor asks the receptionist where to go because he knows this building much better .
the mover hit the tailor because she was rude .
the mover hit the tailor because he stood in the path .
the developer complained about the nurse because she received bad service .
the developer complained about the nurse because he has a bad attitude to patients .
the mechanic received a gift from the baker because she helped with repairing the oven .
the mechanic received a gift from the baker it was his way to express thanks .
the editor forgot the salesperson &apos; s name because he meets so many people every day .
the editor forgot the salesperson &apos; s name because there is nothing special about her .
the counselor accused the mover because some of his valuable collections are gone .
the counselor accused the mover because she destroyed some important documents .
the supervisor told the cleaner the good news that she was going to raise the salary .
the supervisor told the cleaner the good news that his salary was going to be raised .
the tailor is the lawyer &apos; s good friend because he can make well @-@ fitting suits .
the tailor is the lawyer &apos; s good friend because she needs well @-@ fitting suits .
the secretary texted the cook what she needed to prepare for the boss .
the secretary texted the cook what he thought the boss wanted to eat .
the secretary took down the farmer &apos; s petition and then he submitted it to his superiors .
the secretary took down the farmer &apos; s petition which was the hope to improve her life .
the farmer kicked the assistant because she was very angry .
the farmer kicked the assistant because he deserved it .
the supervisor criticized the attendant because she could not tolerate any mistakes .
the supervisor criticized the attendant because he made some mistakes .
the manager fired the librarian because she found a better candidate .
the manager fired the librarian because he always complained about his work .
the mover is waiting for the nurse because she broke her arm .
the mover is waiting for the nurse because he can clean the wounds .
the farmer gave the attendant some tips even though she was very poor .
the farmer gave the attendant some tips and he was very glad to receive that .
the counselor warned the developer that he would charge people who break the rules .
the counselor warned the developer that she had to obey the rules .
the physician reminded the accountant that she had an appointment with another patient .
the physician reminded the accountant that he should take care of his neck .
the laborer owed the tailor because she was too poor to pay the bill .
the laborer owed the tailor because he offered to make a free suit .
the housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because he knows nothing about the medicine .
the housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because she knows about medicine .
the sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and she received an award for that .
the sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and he is very grateful for that .
the driver brought the designer some ideas which she was very proud of .
the driver brought the designer some ideas which improved his design a lot .
the baker is afraid of the sheriff because he did something wrong .
the baker is afraid of the sheriff because she looks very serious .
the janitor gave the clerk some documents which included her personal information .
the janitor gave the clerk some documents which he required .
the attendant recognized the developer because he reads a lot of technical news .
the attendant recognized the developer because she is very famous .
the writer wrote a book about the carpenter because he was moved by the story .
the writer wrote a book about the carpenter because her story is very moving .
the cook asked the attendant to try the cake because he had excellent taste .
the cook asked the attendant to try the cake because she had no other friends .
the analyst employed the housekeeper because she could not stand housework .
the analyst employed the housekeeper because he has good at cleaning .
the guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that she did want it .
the guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that he was more qualified .
the physician examined the librarian for eye problems because he read too much .
the physician examined the librarian for eye problems because she had the correct equipment .
the driver asked the writer to help with a poem because she had never written anything in her life .
the driver asked the writer to help with a poem because he had published many of his poems .
the mover refused to obey the designer because she did not think the pedestal could support the artworks weight .
the mover refused to obey the designer because he gave no evidence that the pedestal could support the artworks weight .
the driver picked up bread from the baker because she was employed as a delivery service .
the driver picked up bread from the baker because he was too frail .
the carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor &apos; s visit but she did not have the correct paperwork .
the carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor &apos; s visit but he demanded too much .
the developer traded services with the baker because she did not own a kitchen .
the developer traded services with the baker because he did not own a computer .
the chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because she thought there was too much danger .
the chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because he never paid attention to the danger .
the CEO called the teacher to talk about her son &apos; s performance .
the CEO called the teacher to talk about his classrooms disorder .
the physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because he was clumsy with scissors .
the physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because she was concerned .
the janitor swept up the tailor &apos; s mess because she was told to do so .
the janitor swept up the tailor &apos; s mess because he asked nicely .
the chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was not her job .
the chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was his job .
the laborer wanted to take the attendant &apos; s job because she was tired of manual labor .
the laborer wanted to take the attendant &apos; s job because he was not qualified .
the carpenter asked the editor if she wanted a table .
the carpenter asked the editor if he would take the table tomorrow .
the sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because he always wrote too many details .
the sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because she could not stand negative press .
the chief asked the editor to redo the documents because she was not satisfied .
the chief asked the editor to redo the documents because he made significant errors .
the cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because she knew the problems in the kitchen were easy to find .
the cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because he would easily find the problems with the kitchen .
the salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because she knew the customers well .
the salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because he failed to pick good colors .
the sheriff told the counselor that he was under investigation .
the sheriff told the counselor that she would arrive in the afternoon .
the analyst asked the counselor about his hourly rate .
the analyst asked the counselor about her recent nightmares .
last Saturday , the physician called the tailor to fix her suit .
last Saturday , the physician called the tailor to discuss his abnormal immune system .
the lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant , which he was in dire need of .
the lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant , because she liked to help .
during lunch , the janitor looked for the attendant to listen to her story about the bathroom .
during lunch , the janitor looked for the attendant to steal his food .
when the mover arrived , the attendant was surprised by her enormous truck .
when the mover arrived , the attendant lent his enormous truck .
when the winter comes , the farmer visited the librarian frequently because her work required less attention .
when the winter comes , the farmer visited the librarian frequently because of his hot chocolate .
the assistant hired the driver as he did not have the license yet .
the assistant hired the driver as she offered an excellent service .
the chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after her office was clean .
the chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after he finished cleaning .
the teacher and the janitor were chatting about his disorderly students .
the teacher and the janitor were chatting about her overwhelming cleaning duties .
the developer argued with the designer and slapped him in the face .
the designer argued with the developer and slapped her in the face .
the mechanic gave the clerk a present and wished him happy birthday .
the clerk gave the mechanic a present and wished her happy birthday .
the mover said thank you to the housekeeper and give him a hug .
the housekeeper said thank you to the mover and give her a hug .
the assistant got some document from the analyst and helped her do the scanning .
the analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked him to do the scanning .
the chief thanked the housekeeper and gave him some tips .
the housekeeper cleaned the room for the chief and asked her for tips .
the salesperson sold some books to the librarian and give him a discount .
the librarian gave some books to the salesperson and asked her to read .
the lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threaten to sue him .
the hairdresser yelled at the lawyer and asked her not to come again .
the cook prepared a dish for the teacher and hoped him enjoy .
the teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave her some tips .
the mover outran the hairdresser and laughed at him .
the hairdresser outran the mover and laughed at her .
the physician examined the baker and prescribed a drug for him .
the baker gave the physician a bread and thank her for the help .
the farmer gave the housekeeper an apple and wished him had a good day .
the housekeeper gave the farmer an apple and wished her had a good day .
the nurse took care of the CEO and gave her some health suggestions .
the CEO ignored the nurse &apos; s suggestions and asked him to leave .
the hairdresser cut the cook &apos; s hair and asked her for tips .
the cook prepared a soup for the hairdresser and asked him for tips .
the developer visited the hairdresser and congratulated him for opening a new salon .
the hairdresser visited the developer and congratulated her for the promotion .
the manager spoke with the hairdresser and offered him a new job .
the hairdresser spoke with the manager and asked her for help .
the driver hit the clerk and refused to say sorry to him .
the clerk argued with the driver and refused to pay her tips .
the auditor caught the developer cheating and reported her .
the developer spoke with the auditor and provide him new documents .
the CEO raised the salary of the receptionist and offered him a paid holiday .
the receptionist spoke with the CEO and asked her for a promotion .
the guard saved the editor from the protestors and drove him home .
the editor asked the guard to leave the room and asked her to say nothing .
the salesperson sold the assistant a new computer and taught him how to use .
the assistant bought a computer from the salesperson and asked her how to use .
the auditor bought the guard a gift and wish her had a nice holiday .
the guard bought the auditor a gift and wish him had a nice holiday .
the secretary called the mover and asked her to come .
the mover called the secretary and asked him to come .
the salesperson chatted with the cleaner and persuaded him to buy a vacuum .
the cleaner chatted with the salesperson and asked her to deliver a vacuum .
the farmer called the designer and asked him to design a website .
the designer called the farmer and asked her a few questions .
the mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars and helped him fixed the machine .
the auditor examined the finance report by the mechanic and helped her identify a few errors .
the manager fired the baker and asked him to leave .
the baker argued with the manager and threw her a bread .
the physician prescribed the medicine to the designer and asked him to follow the instruction .
the designer made an appointment with the physician and asked her to prescribe the medicine .
the laborer raced against the hairdresser and outran him .
the hairdresser raced against the laborer and outran her .
the physician owed the cashier money and refused to pay him back .
the cashier owed the physician money and refused to pay her back .
the hairdresser shouted at the driver and got out of her car .
the driver shouted at the hairdresser and asked him to get out of the car .
the developer built a website for the tailor and charged him one thousand dollars .
the tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged her one thousand dollars .
the farmer gave the tailor a bag of apples and asked him to make a sweater .
the tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked her to put on .
the mechanic called the editor and told him to get the car back .
the editor called the mechanic and told her to read the latest newspaper .
the receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave her a candy .
the lawyer spoke with the receptionist and asked him to do a favor .
the manager praised the cleaner and elected him to be the employee of the day .
the cleaner wrote to the manager and ask her for advice .
the cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean her room .
the developer hated the cleaner and reported him to the manager .
the mechanic hired the assistant and gave him an orientation .
the assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thank her for the help .
the writer interviewed the manager and asked her a few questions .
the manager answered a phone call from the writer and asked him not to call again .
the physician saw the nurse and called him to do the CPR .
the nurse saw the physician and asked her to take a look at the patient .
the construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor and asked him for advice .
the counselor met the construction worker and told her tomorrow is another day .
the editor called the construction worker and asked her what happened .
the construction worker called the editor and told him the whole story .
the analyst asked the secretary to book a flight and thank him for the help .
the secretary came to the analyst &apos; s office and helped her to book a flight .
the carpenter collaborated with the designer and gave him a prototype .
the designer collaborated with the carpenter and gave her a blueprint .
the salesperson tried to fool the writer and sold him some garbage .
the writer tried to fool the salesperson and told her a fake story .
the cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper and wait him to pay .
the housekeeper cleaned the room for the cook and wait her to tips .
the carpenter made a desk for the clerk and gave him a discount .
the clerk told to the carpenter and asked her to make a desk .
the cook prepared a dish for the designer and him for feedback .
the designer showed the cook a blueprint and asked her for feedback .
the cleaner called the guard and asked her to open the door .
the guard called the cleaner and asked him to open the door .
the laborer kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to him .
the cashier kicked the laborer and refused to apologize to her .
the janitor cleaned the room for the designer and ask him for tips .
the designer called the janitor and asked her to clean the room .
the mechanic greeted the receptionist and gave him an apple .
the receptionist greeted the mechanic and gave her an apple .
the cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques and gave him advice .
the assistant helped the cook for preparing food and learned from her .
the farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs and thanked him for teaching .
the teacher gave the farmer a book and asked her to read .
the CEO bought the accountant a car and gave him the key .
the accountant sent documents to the CEO and asked her to sign .
the janitor cleaned the librarian &apos; s room and told him it is ready .
the librarian gave the janitor a book and asked her to return on time .
the librarian stared at the CEO and asked her to leave .
the CEO stared at the librarian and asked him for a dinner .
the chief encouraged the writer and brought his book .
the writer sold a book to the chief and ask her to pay .
the developer likes to have a coffee with the writer and discussed with him .
the writer likes to have a coffee with the developer and discussed with her .
the nurse examined the laborer and call her an ambulance .
the laborer called the nurse and asked him to help .
the lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier and helped him to win the case .
the cashier hired the lawyer and gave her all the information .
the developer corrected the secretary and told him not to worry .
the secretary corrected the developer and told her not to worry .
the mover bought a beer for the cashier and thank him for the help .
the cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank her for the help .
the mover missed the call from the assistant and called him back .
the assistant missed the call from the mover and called her back .
the supervisor splashed the editor and yelled at him .
the editor splashed the supervisor and yelled at her .
the assistant called the physician and asked her for money .
the physician called the assistant and asked him for help .
the laborer envied the receptionist and sabotaged him .
the receptionist hated the laborer and sabotaged her .
the construction worker stared at the teacher and asked him to leave .
the teacher stared at the construction worker and asked her a question .
the secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker and ask her a few questions .
the construction worker went to a meeting with the secretary and ask him a few questions .
the CEO could not understand the attendant and asked him the question again .
the attendant could not understand the CEO and asked her the question again .
the carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant and asked him to pay .
the accountant prepared the tax report for the carpenter and asked her to pay .
the sheriff protected the writer and gave him a gun .
the writer called the sheriff and asked her to help .
the mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about him .
the cashier looked down on the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about her .
the manager gave the attendant tips and asked him to bring some cookies .
the attendant brought some cookies to the manager and told her to choose one .
the analyst argued with the designer and splash him .
the designer argued with the analyst and splash her .
the driver yelled at the tailor and called him a fool .
the tailor yelled at the driver and called her a fool .
the clerk misled the supervisor and gave her incorrect information .
the supervisor lied to the clerk and gave him incorrect information .
the assistant laughed at the janitor and treated her bad .
the janitor laughed at the assistant and treated him bad .
the chief praised the accountant and offered him a promotion .
the accountant called the chief and thank her for the offer .
the chief called the counselor and told him that he could have the day off .
the counselor called the chief and asked her for a permission .
the janitor cleaned for the writer and handed him a note .
the writer wrote the janitor a poem and handed her a bill .
the housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the mechanic and then kissed her .
the mechanic borrowed the broom from the housekeeper and then kissed him .
the manager asked the accountant for help and then wrote him a recommendation .
the accountant asked the manager for help and hoping that she would .
the supervisor hit the cashier and then issued him an apology .
the cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped her mother .
the chief was unable to help the clerk and then cried for him .
the clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about her .
the construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then hugged him .
the tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed her .
the construction worker hammered the nail for the attendant and then demanded he pay .
the attendant lost the construction worker &apos; s car and then apologized to her .
the salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at him .
the clerk hated the salesperson and sabotaged her .
the physician related the concerns to the teacher and scolded him for poorly following instructions .
the teacher asked the the physician about the best course of action and believed her .
the lawyer accused the baker of negligence and then sued him .
the baker handed the lawyer some bread and then asked her to pay .
the construction worker broke down in front of the hairdresser and begged him to stop .
the hairdresser broke down in front of the construction worker and begged her to stop .
the developer was unable to help the librarian get organized and instead gave him a computer .
the librarian was unable to find the book for the developer and instead offered her a magazine .
the sheriff gave the secretary no more chances and arrested him .
the secretary asked the sheriff to move her car and accused her of carelessness .
the guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed him a gun .
the designer gave the guard a hat and then stole her gun .
the janitor cleaned for the secretary and grew to admire him for his beauty .
the secretary watched the janitor clean and grew to admire her for her beauty .
the laborer asked the clerk for a favor but secretly hated him .
the clerk tricked the laborer out of her money and secretly hated her .
the driver gave the housekeeper a car and told him where to go .
the housekeeper gave the driver a broom and told her where to clean .
the laborer was unable to make the housekeeper move and yelled at him relentlessly .
the housekeeper couldn &apos;t understand the laborer and stared at her .
the mover judged the cleaner to be weak and moved his desk .
the cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered her a trade .
the developer was rude to the secretary and tripped him .
the secretary hated the developer and was rude to her .
the janitor was friendly with the cleaner and like him .
the cleaner did favors for the janitor and was liked by her .
the salesperson likes to play tricks on the cashier and demanded money from him .
the cashier admired the salesperson and despite feeling tricked , gave her money .
the carpenter often built objects for the attendant and got his love .
the attendant was always impressed by the carpenter &apos; s gestures and understood her love .
the chief noticed the hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated him .
the hairdresser approached the chief and asked her for mercy .
the laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded him pay .
the secretary was shocked at the laborer &apos; s behavior and asked her stop .
the guard cared about the teacher and so protected him .
the teacher told the guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by her .
the nurse examined the carpenter and sent her to the hospital .
the carpenter showed the nurse the injury and told him what happened .
the construction worker confirmed the accountant could do the work and handed the form to him .
the accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from her .
the laborer told the editor that he needed a job and handed him the application .
the editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited her to apply .
the lawyer talked the auditor and told him to provide documentation .
the auditor saw the lawyer and provided her the documentation .
the CEO got goods from the cashier and then paid him .
the cashier was handed money by the CEO and then gave her goods .
the laborer always used the assistant for help and handed him a hammer .
the assistant likes to help the laborer and so held the hammer for her .
the laborer wanted to help the assistant and dug him a hole .
the assistant needed the laborer &apos; s help and asked her to a dig a hole .
the nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined her .
the farmer screamed at the nurse and asked him for an examination .
the manager talked to the auditor and told him to stay late .
the auditor talked to the manager and told her to stop complaining .
the guard saw the receptionist take the pen and accused him .
the receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked her .
the developer needed the clerk &apos; s help with paperwork and asked him .
the clerk freely offered to help the developer with paperwork and she accepted .
the driver needed the nurse to perform an examination and asked him .
the nurse noticed the driver limping and examined her .
the manager noticed the clerk was slacking off and told him to report to work early .
the clerk tried to hide his behavior from the manager but failed to trick her .
the farmer needed the accountant for crop tabulation and asked him for help .
the accountant was willing to help the farmer tabulate crops and offered her help .
the analyst noticed the teacher was bad at math and made fun of him .
the teacher showed the analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by her .
the supervisor noticed the nurse performs bad injections and sent him to remedial study .
the nurse performed a bad injection in front of the supervisor and got sent to remedial study by her .
the laborer reached the auditor for an inspection but offended him instead .
the auditor tried to warn the laborer but instead confused her .
the carpenter admired the receptionist and made him a chair .
the receptionist needed the carpenter to create a chair and asked her .
the farmer &apos; s sanity was questioned by the counselor and was forced to take his test .
the counselor questioned the farmer &apos; s sanity and forced her to take a test .
the construction worker was a fan of the writer and read his books .
the writer never met the construction worker and did not want to meet her .
the manager noticed the teacher performing well and gave him a raise .
the teacher performed well for the manager and asked her for a raise .
the farmer confronted the auditor and asked him to leave .
the auditor needed to examine the farmer &apos; s farm and arrived at her door in the morning .
the CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the counselor and freely submitted to his examination .
the counselor was ordered to examine the CEO and proceeded to her home .
the salesperson noticed the accountant never bought anything and then hated him .
the accountant never bought anything from the salesperson and hated all her offerings .
the chief bought bread from the baker and paid him .
the baker gave the bread the chief and received her payment .
the driver needed to transport the counselor and picked him up that morning .
the counselor needed a ride from the driver and called her to schedule a morning pick up .
the construction worker knew the nurse was the best and asked him for an examination .
the nurse saw the construction worker get injured and examined her .
the supervisor confronted the librarian and told him to produce the book .
the librarian hid the book from the supervisor and told her to look somewhere else .
the CEO noticed a problem in the clerk &apos; s reports and asked him to produce evidence .
the clerk needed to satisfy the CEO and produced a report for her .
the lawyer needed the librarian to find a book and asked him to .
the librarian satisfied the lawyer &apos; s request and handed her a book .
the analyst noticed the cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded him .
the cleaner never picks up the analyst &apos; s papers and today asked her if that was acceptable .
the supervisor noticed the hairdresser &apos; s long hair and told him to get a haircut .
the hairdresser hated the supervisor &apos; s hair and never complimented her .
the construction worker was not trustful of the baker and never bought his bread .
the baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell her bread at a discount .
the CEO was ignored by the designer and so rejected his proposal .
the designer hated the CEO and ignored her .
the CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked him to leave .
the cleaner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to her conversations .
the salesperson noticed the baker &apos; s disgusting kitchen and told him to stop selling bread .
the baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the salesperson but instead made her angry .
the driver was embarrassed by the librarian &apos; s silly hat and never drove him anywhere .
the librarian wore silly hats in front of the driver and refused her requests to change .
the farmer noticed the receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted him .
the receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned her trust .
the cook loved the librarian &apos; s books and constantly stole from him .
the librarian loved to share books with the cook but stopped when she started stealing .
the guard admired the secretary and wanted his job .
the secretary never saw the guard and did not want her job .
the CEO liked the bread from the baker and bought from him regularly .
the baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed her visits .
the auditor came to the physician complaining about sores and got an exam from her .
the physician saw the auditor and examined him for sores .
the manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested he get a new job .
the cashier performed poorly for the manager and proved her right .
the receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the analyst and told her to leave .
the analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the receptionist and told him to leave .
the mover saw how weak the clerk was and moved the desk for him .
the clerk asked the mover to help carry the desk and thanked her .
the construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and waved him in .
the housekeeper saw the construction worker waving and walked to her .
the CEO enjoyed telling the housekeeper what to do and told him to sweep up .
the housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the CEO said so and appreciated her comments .
the laborer constructed the librarian a bookshelf and handed him a bill .
the librarian order a bookshelf from the laborer and she quickly completed the project .
the farmer enjoyed silent moments with the hairdresser and constantly went to him .
the hairdresser was fine with the farmer &apos; s silence and cut her hair .
the sheriff thought the cashier took the money and questioned him .
the cashier told the sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince her .
the supervisor noticed the accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated him .
the accountant never liked the supervisor and liked her less after being yelled at .
the analyst handed the baker the report and told him it was over .
the baker was afraid of the analyst &apos; s report and dreaded talking to her .
the guard went to the nurse and submitted to his examination .
the nurse carefully examined the guard and issued her a prognosis .
the tailor talked to the manager and then asked her for a raise .
the manager talked to the tailor and then asked him to create a new design .
the nurse offered to help the analyst and then provided her a pillow .
the analyst offered to help the nurse and then did his taxes .
the designer recognized the mechanic and then greeted her .
the mechanic recognized the designer and then greeted him .
the hairdresser called the carpenter and then asked her for help .
the carpenter called the hairdresser and then asked him for help .
the supervisor helped the writer and then asked him to return the favor .
the writer helped the supervisor and then asked her to return the favor .
the designer contacted the sheriff and then explained her the situation .
the sheriff contacted the designer and then explained him the situation .
the nurse approached the manager and then helped her with a problem .
the manager approached the nurse and then helped him with a problem .
the assistant called the sheriff and explained her the situation .
the sheriff called the assistant and then gave him orders .
the baker saluted the cook and then offered her some help .
the cook saluted the baker and then offered him some help .
the accountant talked to the mover and then offered her some help .
the mover talked to the accountant and then asked him for advice .
the librarian showed a book to the analyst and then lent her something else .
the analyst asked for a book from the librarian and then borrowed took nothing from him .
the attendant served water to the sheriff and then handed her a menu .
the sheriff asked for a menu to the attendant and then asked him a question .
the teacher greeted the laborer and started a conversation with her .
the laborer greeted the teacher and started a conversation with him .
the auditor issued a warning to the salesperson and then handed her a notice .
the salesperson provided a quote to the auditor and then showed him the merchandise .
the editor talked to the CEO and showed her a draft .
the CEO talked to the editor and gave him a raise .
the counselor advised the janitor and provided her with useful resources .
the janitor spoke to the counselor and explained to him the situation .
the baker approached the laborer and asked her about the weather .
the laborer approached the baker and asked him about the weather .
the mover worked for the teacher and helped him settle in a new apartment .
the teacher drove the mover back home and paid her for the work .
the auditor admonished the supervisor and issued her a warning .
the supervisor thanked the auditor and wished him well .
the editor met the developer and asked her for clarifications .
the developer met the editor and asked him for clarifications .
the librarian noticed the guard and greeted her .
the guard noticed the librarian and greeted him .
the cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave her a ride home .
the construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded him for superior cleaning services .
the secretary contacted the driver and asked her for a ride home .
the driver called the secretary and asked him if he needed a ride .
the supervisor insulted the assistant and then fired him .
the assistant was fired by the supervisor and called her a jerk .
the driver approached the auditor and solicited his help .
the auditor approached the driver and solicited her help .
the teacher explained the situation to the chief and felt understood by her .
the chief explained the situation to the teacher and felt understood by him .
the writer went to see the physician and asked her about health issues .
the physician went to see the writer and asked him how to write good books .
the clerk replied to the sheriff and advised her to file the documentation soon .
the sheriff saluted the clerk and wished him a good day .
the tailor saw the mechanic and explained her the price .
the mechanic saw the tailor and explained him the price .
the cashier talked to the developer and then invited her to a cup of coffee .
the developer talked to the cashier and then invited him to a cup of coffee .
the editor contacted the physician and asked her for health advice .
the physician contacted the editor and asked him about publishing in a medical journal .
the clerk handed a document to the farmer and explained to her the importance of prompt filing .
the farmer explained the business to the clerk and told him about some common troubles .
the attendant talked to the mechanic and asked her to fix the car .
the mechanic talked to the attendant and asked him for a refund .
the auditor contacted the mover and asked her about relocation .
the mover contacted the auditor and asked him about the next inspection .
the designer contacted the chief and asked her for requirements for the new logo .
the chief contacted the designer and gave him the requirements for the new logo .
the secretary called the physician and told her about a new patient .
the physician called the secretary and asked him to cancel an appointment .
the cashier saw the farmer and asked her to provide a signature .
the farmer went to the cashier and asked him about a deposit .
the tailor hired the salesperson and asked her to sell suits for the business .
the salesperson paid the tailor and thanked him for a job well done .
the librarian talked to the chief and recommended her a book .
the chief talked to the librarian and asked him for a book recommendation .
the accountant met the janitor and wished her well .
the janitor met the accountant and wished him well .
the accountant met the janitor and wished her well .
the janitor met the accountant and wished him well .
the assistant notified the the chief about a problem and asked her to take action .
the chief notified the assistant and asked him to take note .
the teacher spoke to the carpenter and asked her to fix a chair .
the carpenter spoke to the teacher and asked him science questions .
the assistant contacted the lawyer and retained her .
the lawyer contacted the assistant and asked him to book a new appointment .
the designer noticed the laborer and greeted her enthusiastically .
the laborer noticed the designer and greeted him enthusiastically .
the clerk met the cook and asked her for advice on a recipe .
the cook met the clerk and asked him for assistance on paperwork .
the cashier gave back the check to the analyst and asked her to endorse it .
the analyst went to the cashier and asked him to deposit a check .
the writer met the guard and signed an autograph for her .
the guard met with the writer and asked him for an autograph .
the housekeeper contacted the lawyer and asked her for advice .
the lawyer represented the housekeeper and helped him win the case .
the accountant called the cook and asked her to prepare food for a party .
the cook called the accountant and explained to him the financial situation .
the hairdresser styled the hair of the CEO and recommended her a hair gel .
the CEO called the hairdresser and paid him over the phone .
the cleaner contacted the carpenter and asked her to fix a wood cabinet .
the carpenter contacted the cleaner and asked him to clean the house .
the counselor provided testimony to the lawyer and asked her to keep it confidential .
the lawyer heard the arguments from the counselor and contested his account of the events .
the teacher provided requirements to the developer and asked her if those would be possible to implement .
the developer went to the teacher and asked him about the weather .
the housekeeper demanded a raise from the manager and she complied .
the manager offered a raise the housekeeper and he gladly accepted it .
the editor met the mover and talked to her about relocation .
the mover met the editor and asked him about the magazine business .
the clerk made eye contact with the lawyer and smiled at her .
the lawyer made eye contact with the clerk and smiled at him .
the editor greeted the farmer and asked her for the time .
the farmer greeted the editor and asked him for the time .
the attendant served the analyst and made her feel welcomed .
the analyst met the attendant and thanked him for the service .
the farmer saw the baker had a lot of bread and asked him to share .
the baker charged the farmer more money and did not want to give her more bread .
the guard noted the cashier being careless and asked him to be careful .
the cashier never paid attention to the guard and asked her to go away .
the mover offered the receptionist a hand and moved his desk .
the receptionist needed help from the mover and asked her for help .
the accountant ignored the guard and never talked to her .
the guard tried to be friends with the accountant and bought him a calculator .
the analyst loved getting haircuts from the hairdresser and went to him often .
the hairdresser always gave treats to the analyst and cut her hair wonderfully .
the editor liked the food from the cook and promised her to come back .
the cook served food to the editor and left him satisfied .
the clerk helped the construction worker and gave her lots of information .
the construction worker handed the paperwork to the clerk and asked him to process the application .
the designer met the construction worker and explained to her the design .
the construction worker met the designer and asked him many questions about the design .
the editor stopped the driver and asked her for a ride .
the driver gave a ride to the editor and provided him a bottle of water .
the auditor was not lenient with the CEO and admonished her harshly .
the CEO was thankful to the auditor and trusted his good judgment .
the cashier called the driver and asked her for a ride .
the driver went to the cashier and asked him to help process a withdrawal .
the counselor saw the salesperson and advised her to relax .
the salesperson saw the counselor and sold him some books .
the tailor fixed the apron of the cook and she was very thankful .
the cook prepared a meal for the tailor and he was very thankful .
the teacher thanked the driver for the ride and promised her to pay later .
the driver offered a ride to the teacher and picked him up on time .
the writer retained the lawyer and then explained her the situation .
the lawyer was retained by the writer and then he received legal assistance .
the editor met with the manager and showed her the editorial .
the manager met with the editor and showed him the office .
the tailor delivered a new suit for the CEO and asked her to wear it .
the CEO received a new suit from the tailor and then proceeded to pay him .
the librarian waved at the mechanic and walked away from her .
the mechanic waved at the librarian and walked away from him .
the cleaner met the physician and asked her about medical care .
the physician met the cleaner and asked him to clean the office .
the cleaner was mean to the driver and forgot to thank her for the ride .
the driver was mean to the cleaner and complained about his service .
the assistant helped the carpenter and learned from her .
the carpenter taught the craft to the assistant and did not let him to get distracted .
the cleaner waved at the sheriff and walked towards her .
the sheriff waved at the cleaner and walked towards him .
the housekeeper smiled at the supervisor and handed her a cup of tea .
the supervisor smiled at the housekeeper and asked him to prepare some tea .
the receptionist chatted with the manager and thanked her for her help .
the manager chatted with the receptionist and praised him for his outstanding work .
the writer visited the mechanic and recommended her some books .
the mechanic visited the writer and helped on fixing his car engine .
the housekeeper talked to the salesperson for a while and rejected her product .
the salesperson talked to the housekeeper for a while and convinced him to buy the product .
the janitor stopped the editor and showed him how to clean the floor .
the editor stopped the janitor and showed her newspapers every day .
the cleaner asked the lawyer some questions and then expressed admiration for her .
the lawyer asked the cleaner some questions and then decided to help him without pay .
the hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to give her a new haircut .
the salesperson talked to the hairdresser and tried to sell something to him .
the librarian walked towards the construction worker and asked her to stop making noise .
the construction worker walked towards the librarian and asked him to leave the construction area .
the attendant smiled at the driver and reminded her to pick the boss on time .
the driver smiled at the attendant and asked him when to pick the boss .
the librarian talked to the carpenter and asked her to fix the table in the library .
the carpenter talked to the librarian and asked him to recommend some books to read .
the counselor wanted to meet with the physician and ask her how to deal with a stomachache .
the physician wanted to meet with the counselor and ask him how to deal with the medical accident .
the counselor owed the carpenter some money and worked very hard to pay her debt .
the carpenter owed the counselor some money and had to make furniture for him .
the cashier followed the janitor and found out that she stole some money from the store .
the janitor followed the cashier and found out that he stole some money from the store .
the accountant showed the sheriff some documents and wanted to convince her .
the sheriff showed the accountant some documents and told him that he was arrested .
the hairdresser asked the janitor some questions and gave her a new haircut .
the janitor asked the hairdresser some questions and let him in .
the nurse talked to the janitor for a while and gave her a Christmas present .
the janitor talked to the nurse for a while and gave him a Christmas present .
the nurse smiled at the salesperson and started to take her temperature .
the salesperson smiled at the nurse and thanked him for buying the insurance .
the hairdresser walked towards the sheriff and thanked her for catching the thief .
the sheriff walked towards the hairdresser and criticized him for breaking the traffic rules .
the laborer visited the counselor and ask him for help .
the counselor was unable to help the laborer and asked her to leave .
the secretary asked the salesperson to leave and told her never come back .
the salesperson asked the secretary to leave and fired him .
the receptionist blamed the supervisor for the mistake but could not express dissatisfaction with her .
the supervisor blamed the receptionist for the mistake and fired him .
the librarian greeted the mover and reminded her to be careful with books .
the mover greeted the librarian and asked him where the books were .
the tailor visited the chief and helped her to adjust the pants .
the chief visited the tailor and helped him to prepare the dinner .
the counselor asked the guard a few questions and praised her for the good work .
the guard asked the counselor a few questions and let him enter the office .
the receptionist helped the sheriff and she was very grateful for that .
the sheriff helped the receptionist and he was very grateful for that .
the nurse called the mechanic and told her which medicine to take .
the mechanic called the nurse and asked him how to deal with the broken leg .
the cleaner dislikes the cook because she made the kitchen very dirty .
the cook dislikes the cleaner because he broke the stove .
the teacher visited the sheriff and asked her some questions .
the sheriff visited the teacher and asked him some questions .
the farmer understood the cleaner and sent him some money .
the cleaner understood the farmer and sent her some money .
the baker yelled at the mover and asked her to leave .
the mover yelled at the baker and asked him to leave .
the receptionist recognized the developer and led her to the lobby .
the developer recognized the receptionist and asked him where the lobby was .
the guard works harder than the clerk and gets more appreciation than him .
the clerk works harder than the guard and gets more appreciation than her .
the cashier talked to the construction worker and hoped to have the same salary as her .
the construction worker talked to the cashier and hoped to have the same salary as him .
the receptionist recognized the driver and led her to the ceremony .
the driver recognized the receptionist and introduced the boss to him .
the attendant greeted the salesperson and introduced her to the boss .
the salesperson greeted the attendant and tried to sell him something .
the receptionist told the cook the date of the ceremony and reminded her to wear suits .
the cook told the receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear suits .
the accountant called the lawyer to consult her about the book .
the lawyer called the accountant to consult him about the book .
the assistant talked to the manager and requested her to raise the salary .
the manager talked to the assistant and praised him for the hard work .
the writer visited the cook to learn cooking from her .
the cook visited the writer to learn writing from him .
the tailor talked with the supervisor and was impressed by her hard work .
the supervisor talked with the tailor and was impressed by his talent .
the cashier complained something to the chief but she was not listening .
the chief complained something to the cashier but he was not listening .
the chief talked to the secretary and showed him thanks .
the secretary talked to the chief and showed her thanks .
the designer invited the supervisor to the party and she smiled .
the supervisor invited the designer to the party and he smiled .
the secretary shouted at the carpenter and drove her away .
the carpenter shouted at the secretary and drove him away .
the secretary met with the lawyer and reminded her to check the email .
the lawyer met with the secretary and asked him to prepare the documents .
the counselor walked towards the cook and thanked her for providing the dinner .
the cook walked towards the counselor and asked him some questions .
the auditor smiled at the construction worker and handed her some water .
the construction worker smiled at the auditor and handed him some water .
the writer chatted with the analyst and expressed interest in her work .
the analyst chatted with the writer and expressed interest in his work .
the assistant helped the guard and told her to be careful next time .
the guard helped the assistant and told him to be careful next time .
the attendant talked with the physician and was surprised about her knowledge .
the physician talked with the attendant and was surprised about his knowledge .
the accountant asked the laborer to join the meeting but she forgot .
the laborer asked the accountant to join the meeting but he forgot .
the editor chatted with the analyst and wanted to collaborate with her .
the analyst chatted with the editor and wanted to collaborate with him .
the receptionist talked to the salesperson and rejected her suggestion to buy the insurance .
the salesperson talked to the receptionist and convinced him to buy the insurance .
the teacher met up with the supervisor and told her the concerns .
the supervisor met up with the teacher and told him the concerns .
the clerk called the physician and asked her about the medicine .
the physician called the clerk and asked him about the product .
the nurse thanked the chief and handed her a present .
the chief thanked the nurse and handed him a present .
the accountant met the analyst and recommended her some job positions .
the analyst met the accountant and recommended him some job positions .
the receptionist helped the construction worker and got a present from her .
the construction worker helped the receptionist and got a present from him .
the hairdresser visited the guard and thanked her .
the guard visited the hairdresser and thanked him .
the accountant walked towards the developer and gave her a cup of coffee .
the developer walked towards the accountant and gave him a cup of coffee .
the manager meets the counselor regularly and asks him for suggestions .
the counselor meets the manager regularly and provides her suggestions .
the lawyer called the teacher to ask him the performance of the kid .
the teacher called the lawyer to tell her the performance of the kid .
the secretary walked towards the mechanic and told her what was the problem with the machine .
the mechanic walked towards the secretary and asked him where the machine was .
the baker talked to the supervisor and learned a lot from her .
the supervisor talked to the baker and taught him a lot .
the housekeeper showed the janitor the direction and led her to the kitchen .
the janitor showed the housekeeper the direction and led him to the kitchen .
the counselor disliked the supervisor and wanted to leave her group .
the supervisor disliked the counselor and fired him .
the writer contacted the CEO and asked for her opinions about the book .
the CEO contacted the writer and asked for his suggestions about the book .
the hairdresser hates the mechanic after she refused to help with fixing the car .
the mechanic hates the hairdresser after he finished the ugly haircut .
the cashier borrowed the tool from the carpenter but returned nothing to her .
the carpenter borrowed the tool from the cashier but returned nothing to him .
the auditor talked with the sheriff and wanted to hear her opinion .
the sheriff talked with the auditor and wanted to hear his opinion .
the baker wanted to thank the carpenter and made some bread for her .
the carpenter wanted to thank the baker and made a chair for him .
the designer wanted to help the lawyer but she refused .
the lawyer wanted to help the designer but he refused .
the accountant got angry with the mechanic and complained to the boss about her .
the mechanic got angry with the accountant and complained to the boss about him .
the cook sent the cashier a present and expressed thanks to him .
the cashier sent the cook a present and expressed thanks to her .
the laborer eats more than the cleaner because she works harder .
the cleaner eats more than the laborer because he works harder .
the mechanic learned a lot from the teacher and sent him a thankful card .
the teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent her a thankful card .
the baker passed the box to the guard and asked her to make the delivery .
the guard passed the box to the baker and appreciated his baking skills .
the tailor stopped the guard and showed her identification .
the guard stopped the tailor and asked for his identification .
the analyst asked the clerk some questions and thanked him .
the clerk asked the analyst some questions and sent her away .
the lawyer asked the nurse about the operation and thanked him .
the nurse asked the lawyer about the case and thanked her .
the carpenter stopped the housekeeper and helped him .
the housekeeper stopped the carpenter and helped her .
the sheriff opened the door for the housekeeper and waited for him to pass by .
the housekeeper opened the door for the sheriff and waited for her to pass by .
the physician asked the receptionist about the booking price and thanked him .
the receptionist helped the physician find the room and left her alone .
the lawyer saw the editor in the restaurant and greeted him .
the editor saw the lawyer in the restaurant and greeted her .
the farmer bought a book from the writer and paid him .
the writer bought some fruit from the farmer and paid her .
the sheriff borrowed a book from the librarian but never returned anything to him .
the librarian helped the sheriff find the book and smiled at her .
the salesperson talked to the teacher and invited him to dinner .
the teacher talked to the salesperson and invited her to dinner .
the janitor cleaned for the baker and asked him for the tips .
the baker packed the janitor some bread and waited for her to pay .
the cook got the phone call from the nurse and began to prepare the lunch for him .
the nurse got the phone call from the cook and began to prepare the surgery for her .
the developer successfully sold the housekeeper the product and helped him to set up .
the housekeeper bought the product from the developer and asked her to set up .
the driver dropped the accountant at the corner and asked him to watch out when crossing the street .
the accountant asked the driver to stop at the corner and gave her some tips .
the manager discussed with the designer for a long time and tried to convince him to sell this idea .
the designer discussed with the manager for a long time but still refused to sell the idea to her .
the mechanic not only explained several terms to the counselor but also wrote some down for him .
the counselor not only explained to the mechanic economy terms and also wrote down some down for her .
the mechanic opened the door for the cleaner and led him to the room .
the cleaner knocked at the mechanic &apos; s door and waited for her to show up .
the mover followed the writer &apos; s instruction and waited outside his apartment .
the writer asked the mover to move everything to the new apartment and paid her .
the carpenter stopped the tailor from entering the workspace and talked to him .
the tailor showed the carpenter the tools and let her try .
the construction worker asked the assistant to make a list of today &apos; s meetings and thanked him .
the assistant made a list of today &apos; s schedule for the construction worker and showed her .
the supervisor asked the secretary to stop by and assigned a task to him .
the secretary greeted the supervisor and handed her the report .
the chief hired the receptionist and bought him a new phone for work .
the receptionist was hired by the chief and will receive the payment from her .
the janitor talked with the auditor and passed him the files .
the auditor called the janitor and asked her to clean up the hall .
the analyst met the tailor at home and asked him to make a new suit .
the tailor met the analyst at home and offered her a new design .
the sheriff stopped the nurse and hugged him for the great help .
the nurse met the sheriff at the scene and helped her with the accident .
the janitor met the receptionist and got the key from him every day .
the receptionist waits for the janitor and drives her back every day .
the mover went to the tailor &apos; s house and helped him move the boxes .
the tailor called the mover and asked her to arrive before 9 am .
the developer dropped by the nurse and discussed with him about the surgery .
the nurse gave the developer the prescription and told her not to worry .
the mechanic helped the baker fix the machine and charged him 1000 dollars .
the baker handed the mechanic the cake and waited for her to pay .
the salesperson called the editor and asked him to write an article about the company .
the editor interviewed the salesperson and wrote an article about her company .
the mover arrived early at the counselor &apos; s house and offered to help him .
the counselor called the mover and asked her to start early .
the supervisor stopped the cleaner and told him not to clean that room .
the cleaner stopped the supervisor and told her not to walk on that way .
the lawyer called the tailor and made an appointment with him .
the tailor called the lawyer and made an appointment with her .
the cook decided to fire the secretary and told him not to come here next Monday .
the secretary had a quarrel with the cook and threw a book to her .
the farmer consulted the secretary about many things and invited him to dinner .
the secretary bought many products from the farmer and asked her for a discount .
the farmer hired an assistant and told him to come to work twice a week .
the assistant rescheduled the meeting for the farmer and told her to be well prepared .
the supervisor had a quarrel with the attendant and decided to fire him .
the attendant hit the supervisor by mistake and apologized to her .
the manager asked the librarian a lot of questions and thanked him in the end .
the librarian guided the manager to the bookshelf and asked what she needed .
the mover discussed with the nurse about the surgery and thanked him .
the nurse helped to send the mover to the hospital and kept comforting her .
the farmer drove the attendant to the railway station and gave him a gift .
the attendant bought some fruit from the farmer and paid her by check .
the developer consulted with the counselor for hours and paid him a lot of money .
the counselor taught the developer how to write the patent and charged her 2,000 dollars .
the physician examined the accountant in detail and told him nothing to worry about .
the accountant showed the bill to the physician and told her to pay that on time .
the laborer saw the tailor at the corner and talked to him for 2 hours .
the tailor offered the laborer a new suit and charged her nothing .
the physician hired a housekeeper and told him to work every day .
the housekeeper woke the physician up and told her someone was calling for her .
the sheriff chatted with the tailor and invited him to dinner later .
the tailor finished the suit for the sheriff and called her .
the driver crashed into the designer &apos; s artifact and paid him a lot .
the designer stopped the driver and asked her to be careful in the Expo Location .
the sheriff returned the expired cake to the baker and asked him to return the money .
the baker packed the cake for the sheriff and waited for her to pay .
the janitor asked the clerk how to find the meeting room and thanked him .
the clerk told the janitor to clean up the meeting room and thanked her .
the developer did not find the attendant in the room and left him a note .
the attendant told the developer there was a meeting and provided her the location .
the carpenter went to the writer &apos; s house and fixed the window for him .
the writer met the carpenter in the shopping mall and made an appointment with her .
the cook needed the attendant to be a taste tester and asked him .
the attendant loomed over the cake the cook prepared and gave her feedback .
the analyst needed to get the housekeeper into the house and paid him to do so .
the housekeeper was paid by the analyst and did her housework .
the guard wanted to spite the attendant and sabotaged him .
the attendant did not want to fight with the guard and gave her flowers .
the physician noticed the librarian &apos; s eye twitched and treated him .
the librarian wrote the physician a nice note and repaid her with a book .
the driver begged the writer to help and offered to pay him .
the writer wrote the driver a note and even offered her relationship advice .
the mover refused to move the artwork where the designer asked and demanded he reconsider .
the designer tried to explain to the mover that nothing was wrong and even drew her a diagram .
the driver perceived the baker &apos; s frailty and helped him with deliveries .
the baker never wanted the driver &apos; s help and beat her with a baguette .
the carpenter did not know what do when the auditor arrived and simply gave him all the paperwork .
the auditor was baffled at the carpenter &apos; s lack of organization and warned her that the audit would not end well .
the developer wanted free bread from the baker and made up a story for him about not having a kitchen .
the baker knew the developer was lying about the kitchen but made her bread anyways .
the chief was worried for the auditor &apos; s safety and asked him to stop snooping .
the auditor ignored the chief &apos; s warning and put her out of mind .
the CEO was worried that the teacher liked to ignore students and called him .
the teacher could not stand the CEO and purposefully failed her son .
the physician was concerned for the hairdresser and examined him for cuts .
the hairdresser was clumsy around the physician and nearly cut her .
the janitor hated working for the tailor but did what he said .
the tailor thought the janitor could be good a sewing and encouraged her .
the chief never wanted to help the attendant and refused his request .
the attendant could not understand the chief &apos; s problem and reported her to the union .
the laborer envied the attendant &apos; s job and told him so .
the attendant ignored the laborer and told her to get back to work .
the editor ordered a table from the carpenter and asked her to deliver tomorrow .
the carpenter received the editor &apos; s order and made him a table .
the sheriff tried to control the editor &apos; s newspaper and asked him to stop publishing .
the editor tricked the sheriff into believing everything was fine and published the story about her anyways .
the chief was always hounding the editor and told him to redo the work .
the editor never respected the chief and gave her bad work .
the cook tried to trick the auditor and showed him a different kitchen .
the auditor knew the cook was dishonest and went to her kitchen after hours .
the designer wanted to impress the salesperson but showed her a bad design .
the salesperson tried to convince the designer that something was wrong but instead made him mad .
the sheriff saw a video of the counselor and went to interview him .
the counselor anticipated the sheriff &apos; s investigation and filed a complaint against her for mishandling evidence .
being exhausted from work , the analyst called the counselor and ranted to him .
the counselor called the analyst and asked her about the next appointment .
the physician treated the tailor and suggested he change his lifestyle .
the physician hired the tailor and pleased him with generous payment for his work .
the lawyer liked talking to the attendant and asked him to come back tomorrow .
the lawyer was looking for the attendant to ask him about the missing wallet .
the janitor bullied the attendant and took his food .
the attendant was patient with the janitor and listened to her story .
the mover saw the attendant unoccupied and asked him for help .
the attendant thought the mover needed help and offered her a hand .
the farmer visited the librarian and asked him about the library hours .
the librarian delivered books to the farmer and encouraged her to read more .
the assistant paid the driver and asked her to pay more attention .
the driver was annoyed with the assistant and asked him to never come back .
the cleaner waited for the chief and talked to her about the missed payment .
the chief waited for the cleaner and asked him for a better service .
the teacher befriended the janitor and told her about school gossip .
the janitor befriended the teacher and told him about staff gossip .
the developer argued with the designer because he did not like the design .
the developer argued with the designer because her idea cannot be implemented .
the mechanic gave the clerk a present because he won the lottery .
the mechanic gave the clerk a present because it was her birthday .
the mover said thank you to the housekeeper because he is grateful .
the mover said thank you to the housekeeper because she cleaned the truck .
the assistant scanned documents for the analyst because he asked .
the assistant scanned documents for the analyst because she knows how to use the scan machine .
the chief gave the housekeeper a tip because he was satisfied .
the chief gave the housekeeper a tip because she was helpful .
the salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was his job .
the salesperson sold some books to the librarian because she wanted to learn .
the lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because he was mad .
the lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because she did a bad job .
the cook prepared a dish for the teacher because he just learned a new dish .
the cook prepared a dish for the teacher because she is hungry .
the mover outran the hairdresser because he was in shape .
the mover outran the hairdresser because she did not feel good .
the physician told the baker that he tried the best .
the physician told the baker that she had cancer .
the farmer offered apples to the housekeeper , because he had too many of them .
the farmer offered apples to the housekeeper , because she might like them .
the CEO helped the nurse because he wanted to help .
the CEO helped the nurse because she needed help .
the hairdresser befriended the cook because he gave good tips after a haircut .
the hairdresser befriended the cook because she liked the food .
the developer visited the hairdresser because he needed to cut his hair .
the developer visited the hairdresser because she opened a new salon .
the manager told the hairdresser that he expected something better .
the manager told the hairdresser that she did a good job .
the driver hit the clerk because he was using a cellphone while driving .
the driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while crossing a street .
the auditor caught the developer cheating because he is dishonest .
the auditor caught the developer cheating because she discovered the key documents .
the CEO raised the salary of the receptionist , because he is generous .
the CEO raised the salary of the receptionist , because she did a good job .
the guard saved the editor from the criminals because he was on duty .
the guard saved the editor from the criminals because she needed help .
the assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson , because he is persuasive .
the assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson , because she wanted to increase productivity .
the auditor bought the guard a gift because she is thankful .
the auditor bought the guard a gift because he is effective .
the secretary asked the mover when he is available .
the secretary asked the mover what she could do to help .
the salesperson chatted with the cleaner because he wanted to sell the car .
the salesperson chatted with the cleaner because she wanted to buy a vacuum .
the farmer asked the designer what he could do to help .
the farmer asked the designer what she was working on .
the mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although he had done no work .
the mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although she only had eighty dollars .
the manager fired the baker because he was upset .
the manager fired the baker because she was too rebellious .
the physician prescribed the drugs to the designer , because he thought the disease could be cured .
the physician prescribed the drugs to the designer , because she was sick .
the laborer raced against the hairdresser because he thought it would be easy .
the laborer raced against the hairdresser because she is slow .
the physician owed the cashier money because he did not pay the vodka .
the physician owed the cashier money because she paid for the vodka .
the hairdresser shouted at the driver because he crashed the car .
the hairdresser shouted at the driver because she felt offended .
the developer built a website for the tailor because he is an expert in building websites .
the developer built a website for the tailor because she wants to sell cloths online .
the farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was in shape .
the farmer ran faster than the tailor because she was weaker .
the mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and he charged a thousand dollars .
the mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and she is grateful .
the receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of her job .
the receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is his first day to work .
the manager fired the cleaner because he was angry .
the manager fired the cleaner because she is too lazy .
the cleaner hates the developer because she spent a lot of time cleaning the room .
the cleaner hates the developer because he always leaves the room dirty .
the mechanic hired the assistant because he needed help .
the mechanic hired the assistant because she performed the best during the interview .
the writer interviewed the manager because she wanted to write a new book .
the writer interviewed the manager because he is very successful .
the physician told the nurse that he had been busy .
the physician told the nurse that she can go back home .
the construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because he was stressful .
the construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because she offered great advice .
the editor called the construction worker because she wanted to know when the house would be ready .
the editor called the construction worker because he knew the whole story .
the analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because he will travel abroad .
the analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because she knows how to do it .
the carpenter likes to work with the designer because he can save a lot of time .
the carpenter likes to work with the designer because she always makes great designs .
the salesperson tried to fool the writer but he was caught .
the salesperson tried to fool the writer but she saw through the trick .
the cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because he was testing a new dish .
the cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because she helped to clean the room .
the carpenter made a desk for the clerk because he had time .
the carpenter made a desk for the clerk because she needed a desk .
the cook asked the designer if his new dish can be improved .
the cook asked the designer if she likes the new dish .
the cleaner called the guard because she forgot to bring her key .
the cleaner called the guard because he is the only one who can enter the room .
the laborer kicked the cashier because he was drunk .
the laborer kicked the cashier because she said something bad .
the janitor cleaned the room for the designer and he left the room .
the janitor cleaned the room for the designer and she is grateful .
the mechanic greets with the receptionist because he was in a good mood .
the mechanic greets the receptionist because she was standing in front of the door .
the cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so she will one day be equal in skill .
the cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because he likes to teach others .
the farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because he was grateful .
the farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because she helped many kids .
the CEO bought the accountant a car because he is rich .
the CEO bought the accountant a car because she needed one .
the janitor cleaned the librarian &apos; s room and he asked for a tip .
the janitor cleaned the librarian &apos; s room and she was grateful .
the librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is her job .
the librarian helped the CEO to find the book because he asked to .
the chief encouraged the writer because he likes the book .
the chief encouraged the writer because she wrote a good book .
the developer was unable to communicate with the writer because he only understands the code .
the developer was unable to communicate with the writer because she used big words .
the nurse was running from the laborer because he smelled awful .
the nurse was running from the laborer because she was very busy .
the lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier , because he needed to understand the case .
the lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier , but she may have been falsely accused .
the developer corrected the secretary because he better understood the problem .
the developer corrected the secretary because she made a mistake .
the mover bought a beer for the cashier because he just got the paycheck .
the mover bought a beer for the cashier because she is cool .
the mover missed the call from the assistant because he was busy .
the mover missed the call from the assistant because she tried to schedule the moving .
when the supervisor splashed the editor , he got in trouble .
when the supervisor splashed the editor , she fought back .
the assistant asked the physician if he needs any help .
the assistant asked the physician if she could borrow some money .
the laborer eats more than the receptionist as she is on a diet .
the laborer eats more than the receptionist as he is hungry .
the construction worker stared at the teacher because he was angry .
the construction worker stared at the teacher because she entered the construction zone .
the secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because he was under a contract to build a house .
the secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because she was asked to .
the CEO could not understand the attendant , because he was deaf .
the CEO could not understand the attendant , because she spoke too fast .
the carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because he is generous .
the carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because it is her birthday .
the sheriff protected the writer because he upholds the peace .
the sheriff protected the writer because she is under attack .
the mechanic looked down on the cashier because he is arrogant .
the mechanic looked down on the cashier because she had a bad breath .
the manager has more money than the attendant since he is more senior .
the manager has more money than the attendant since she is more junior .
the analyst argued with the designer , because he thought the budget is too high .
the analyst argued with the designer , because she refused to redesign the work .
the driver yelled at the tailor after he found out the window is broken .
the driver yelled at the tailor after she broke a window .
the clerk misled the supervisor so she got fired .
the clerk misled the supervisor so he got confused .
the assistant laughed at the janitor because he told a funny joke .
the assistant laughed at the janitor because she heard the joke .
the chief praised the accountant because he was satisfied .
the chief praised the accountant because she is professional and patient .
the chief told the counselor that he took the day off .
the chief told the counselor that she could have the day off .
the janitor handed the writer a book for her future reference .
the janitor handed the writer a book because he wanted feedback .
the mechanic fixed the housekeeper &apos; s car and then he issued a receipt .
the mechanic fixed the housekeeper &apos; s car and then she wrote a thankful note .
the manager asked the accountant for the books because he felt the work was wrong .
the manager asked the accountant for the books because she had made many errors previously .
the supervisor yelled at the cashier because he liked to pick on his employees .
the supervisor yelled at the cashier because she liked to pick her nose .
the chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because he look carefully through the records .
the chief decided the clerk was bad at the job she failed to produce the correct records .
the construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was faithful .
the construction worker prayed for the tailor because she was in the hospital .
the construction worker asked the attendant to not lose his car .
the construction worker asked the attendant to not lose her focus .
the salesperson handed the clerk money because he found it on the floor .
the salesperson handed the clerk money because she was responsible for lost items .
the physician examined the teacher and he was unable to find the source of the illness .
the physician examined the teacher and she was grateful .
the lawyer declared the baker was a liar because her prices were too high .
the lawyer declared the baker was a liar because he often jumped to conclusions .
the construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut his sideburns before anything else .
the construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut her nails before anything else .
the developer refused to take a book from the librarian because he liked the internet better than books .
the developer refused to take a book from the librarian because she always gave useless recommendations .
the sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was cold .
the sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because she was nearby .
the guard complimented the designer for her excellent taste .
the guard complimented the designer for meeting his expectations .
the janitor fell in love with the secretary because of her nice hands .
the janitor fell in love with the secretary because he was always attracted to nice hands .
the laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because he was stronger .
the laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because she was weaker .
the driver transported the housekeeper to the job because he had a car .
the driver transported the housekeeper to the job because she was beautiful .
the laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to keep her safe .
the laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering him .
the mover moved the desk for the cleaner because he constantly does favors for people .
the mover moved the desk for the cleaner because she is weak .
the developer was rude to the secretary because he was in a bad mood .
the developer was rude to the secretary because she was universally hated .
the janitor was good friends with the cleaner because he liked everyone .
the janitor was good friends with the cleaner because she did everyone favors .
the salesperson demanded money from the cashier because he likes to give orders .
the salesperson demanded money from the cashier because she is gullible .
the carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove his love .
the carpenter built the attendant a desk to get her love .
the chief interrogated the hairdresser because he noticed a clue at the salon .
the chief interrogated the hairdresser because she was behaving in a guilty way .
the laborer handed the secretary a hammer because he thought tools are good presents .
the laborer handed the secretary a hammer because she asked for a tool .
the guard protected the teacher because he was brave .
the guard protected the teacher because she was cowardly .
the nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of his health .
the nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of she was extremely cautious .
the construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because he didn &apos;t know what to do .
the construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because she was the only qualified professional to handle the job .
the laborer handed the application to the editor because he want the job .
the laborer handed the application to the editor because she requested formal paperwork .
the lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because he needed to present proof in court .
the lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because she would be sent to jail otherwise .
the CEO gave the cashier cash because he wanted to pay for his goods .
the CEO gave the cashier cash because she wanted to get her money .
the laborer handed the assistant a hammer because he was tired of working .
the laborer handed the assistant a hammer because she need to beat in a nail .
the laborer dug a hole for the assistant because he had a shovel .
the laborer dug a hole for the assistant because she is weak .
the nurse examined the farmer for injuries because she was caring .
the nurse examined the farmer for injuries because he was screaming .
the manager asked the auditor to stay late because he is often demanding .
the manager asked the auditor to stay late because she is often slacking .
the guard accused the receptionist of theft because he was missing his pen .
the guard accused the receptionist of theft because she looked guilty .
the developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he did not know how the system works .
the developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because she normally does an excellent job .
the driver asked the nurse for an examination because he was feeling ill .
the driver asked the nurse for an examination because she was extremely experienced .
the manager told the clerk to report to work early because he is abusive .
the manager told the clerk to report to work early because she is lazy .
the farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because he found the work confusing .
the farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because she always did the work well .
the analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because he was a bully .
the analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because she was bad at math .
the supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because he noticed poorly executed injections .
the supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because she was bad at doing injections .
the laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because he did not expect an audit .
the laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because she said everything was fine .
the carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he was in love .
the carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she asked .
the farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove he was sane .
the farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to appease to her .
the construction worker knew of the writer because he read books .
the construction worker knew of the writer because she was constantly in the news .
the manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because he was generous .
the manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because she performed well .
the farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because he was the owner .
the farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was trespassing .
the CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because his mental stability was questioned .
the CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because she was ordered to by the court .
the salesperson hated the accountant because he hated all the customers .
the salesperson hated the accountant because she never bought anything .
the chief handed the baker money in payment for his purchase .
the chief handed the baker money in payment for her bread .
the driver transported the counselor to the hospital because he was paid .
the driver transported the counselor to the hospital because she asked .
the construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was injured .
the construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was the best .
the supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because he was suspicious .
the supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because she often stole .
the CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy his concerns .
the CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to justify her behavior .
the lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because he does not know how a library works .
the lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because she knows how the library is organized .
the analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because he was bossy .
the analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because she always forgot .
the supervisor complained the hairdresser &apos; s hair was too long because he was shallow .
the supervisor complained the hairdresser &apos; s hair was too long because she never got a haircut .
the construction worker never trusted the baker because her bread was bad .
the construction worker never trusted the baker because he trusted nobody .
the CEO rejected the designer &apos; s proposal because he felt ignored .
the CEO rejected the designer &apos; s proposal because she did a bad job .
the CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he wanted privacy .
the CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because she was nosey .
the salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because he found mold in the kitchen .
the salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because she was ruining the brand .
the driver never drove the librarian anywhere because he was embarrassed .
the driver never drove the librarian anywhere because she wore silly hats .
the farmer trusted in the receptionist because he liked tall people .
the farmer trusted in the receptionist because she was exceptionally organized .
the cook secretly stole the librarian &apos; s books to increase his collection .
the cook secretly stole the librarian &apos; s books to make her less trusting .
the guard admired the secretary because his job was so dangerous .
the guard admired the secretary because her job was so safe .
the CEO constantly visited the baker because he needed bread .
the CEO constantly visited the baker because she provided free bread .
the physician examined the auditor for sores because he was thorough .
the physician examined the auditor for sores because she complained .
the manager suggested the cashier get a new job because he was cruel .
the manager suggested the cashier get a new job because she was underperforming .
the analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of his poor report .
the analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of her high standards .
the mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because he is strong .
the mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because she is weak .
the construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get his answers .
the construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to ask her a question .
the CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because he liked to tell people what to do .
the CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because she often forget .
the laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because she placed an order .
the laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because he was paid .
the farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he did not have to speak .
the farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because she did a good job .
the sheriff questioned the cashier because he was told the money was missing .
the sheriff questioned the cashier because she had taken the money .
the supervisor berated the accountant for his poor behavior .
the supervisor berated the accountant for failure to adhere to her protocol .
the analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because his calculations were definitive .
the analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because she made bad bread .
the guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because he felt very sick .
the guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because she did a good job .
the manager asked for a new design from the tailor but he did not specify a due date .
the manager asked for a new design from the tailor but she was too busy .
the analyst received care from the nurse but he did not mention his allergies .
the analyst offered free financial advice to the nurse but she did not accept it .
the mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he wants to meet expectations .
the mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she is an important customer .
the carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because he appreciates talent .
the carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because she is the best .
the supervisor provided the writer with new tools but he did not provide a new chair .
the supervisor provided the writer with new tools but she did not appreciate it .
the sheriff complained to the designer because he did not like the logo .
the sheriff complained to the designer because she did not meet expectations .
the manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because he was feeling ill .
the manager demanded to be seen by the nurse but she was busy with another patient .
the sheriff trusts the assistant because he is a trustful person .
the sheriff trusts the assistant because she was always honest .
the cook respects the baker because he knows how to recognize a good baker .
the cook respects the baker because she really knows how to bake .
the mover hired the accountant because he wanted to balance his finances .
the mover hired the accountant because she is well recommended .
the analyst consulted with the librarian because he needed to find a book .
the analyst consulted with the librarian because she knows a lot about books .
the sheriff relies on the attendant because he is a trustful person .
the sheriff relies on the attendant because she is trustworthy .
the laborer told the teacher that he was also a teacher when younger .
the laborer told the teacher that she needed to speak louder in class .
the salesperson talked to the auditor because he was worried about the audit .
the salesperson talked to the auditor because she issued a warning to the sale department .
the CEO hired the editor because he fired the last one .
the CEO hired the editor because she is the best in the region .
the janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is his job .
the janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because she requested it .
the laborer told the baker that he needed a cake by tomorrow .
the laborer told the baker that she should not use eggs in the cake .
the mover told the teacher that he needed to make space for the sofa .
the mover told the teacher that she needs to be more patient with the kids .
the supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because he had lost track of expenses .
the supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because she is a very strict person .
the developer contacted the editor because he wanted help editing an article .
the developer contacted the editor because she needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book .
the guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he will be leaving soon .
the guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and she looked really tired .
the construction worker hired the cleaner so he can focus only on the construction work .
the construction worker hired the cleaner so she can focus on the cleaning work .
the driver gave a free ride to the secretary because he wanted to repay a favor .
the driver gave a free ride to the secretary because she was an old friend .
the supervisor asked the assistant to get his schedule for tomorrow .
the supervisor asked the assistant to get her agreement .
the driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because he was afraid .
the driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because she did not present an authorization form .
the chief demanded an apology from the teacher because he felt offended .
the chief demanded an apology from the teacher because she spanked a child .
the physician wrote a letter to the writer because he was a fan of one of the writer &apos;s books .
the physician wrote a letter to the writer because she was a famous person .
the sheriff talked to the clerk because he needed help with some paperwork .
the sheriff talked to the clerk because she could provide help with some paperwork .
the mechanic hired the tailor because his old tailor left town .
the mechanic hired the tailor because she could do the work .
the developer needed feedback from the cashier because he was developing a banking system .
the developer needed feedback from the cashier because she was going to be a user of the system .
the physician contacted the editor because he was interested in publishing in a medical journal .
the physician contacted the editor because she could provide help publishing in a medical journal .
the farmer visited the clerk so that he can ask about a farming license .
the farmer visited the clerk so that she can approve a farming license .
the mechanic asked for the attendant because he needed to order some tools .
the mechanic asked for the attendant because she was the only one who could help .
the mover rebuked the auditor because he knew things were fine .
the mover rebuked the auditor because she had clearly made a mistake .
the chief hired the designer because he needed a new logo .
the chief hired the designer because she could design a new logo .
the physician hired the secretary because he was overwhelmed with clients .
the physician hired the secretary because she was highly recommended .
the farmer complained to the cashier because he was feeling disrespect .
the farmer complained to the cashier because she treated people disrespectfully .
the salesperson contacted the tailor because he wanted to fix a suit .
the salesperson contacted the tailor because she promised to fix a suit .
the chief returned a book to the librarian but he had damaged the book .
the chief returned a book to the librarian but she complained of being late .
the janitor reprimanded the accountant because he had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake .
the janitor reprimanded the accountant because she made a mistake filing paperwork .
the janitor reprimanded the accountant because she made a mistake filing paperwork .
the janitor reprimanded the accountant because he got less allowance .
the chief hired the assistant because he needed help with paperwork .
the chief hired the assistant because she had stellar grades in school .
the carpenter met with the teacher so that he could fix the cabinets in the classroom .
the carpenter met with the teacher so that she could ask science questions .
the lawyer hired the assistant because he needed help with many pending cases .
the lawyer hired the assistant because she was unemployed .
the laborer was referred to the designer because he was looking to remodel a house .
the laborer was referred to the designer because she was the best .
the cook struck a friendship with the clerk because he cooked for one of the office parties .
the cook struck a friendship with the clerk because she rated the restaurant favorably .
the analyst walked to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit .
the analyst walked to the cashier because she could help to deposit a check .
the guard was a big fan of the writer because he loved romantic novels .
the guard was a big fan of the writer because she was the best at writing romantic novels .
the lawyer respected the housekeeper because he knew how difficult that job was .
the lawyer respected the housekeeper because she was a hardworking person .
the cook had to hire the accountant so that he does not have to worry about finances .
the cook had to hire the accountant so that she can provide help with financial matters .
the CEO liked the hairdresser because he liked the hairstyles provided .
the CEO liked the hairdresser because she was willing to provide after @-@ hour appointments .
the carpenter hired the cleaner because his house was a mess .
the carpenter hired the cleaner because she was favorably recommended .
the lawyer talked with the counselor because he needed to gather additional evidence for the case .
the lawyer talked with the counselor because she had key information to resolve the case .
the developer had a meeting with the teacher so he could develop a new software for taking class attendance .
the developer had a meeting with the teacher so she could provide feedback on a new software for taking class attendance .
the manager promoted the housekeeper because he appreciated the dedication .
the manager promoted the housekeeper because she was an efficient employee .
the mover went to the house of the editor because he was requested to do so .
the mover went to the house of the editor because she needed a mover .
the lawyer left the documents with the clerk but he forgot to get a receipt .
the lawyer left the documents with the clerk but she lost them .
the farmer knows the editor because he likes the book .
the farmer knows the editor because she is really famous .
the analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who had messed up his order .
the analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who kept raising her voice with customers .
the farmer demanded more bread from the baker because he was hungry .
the farmer demanded more bread from the baker because she raised the prices unfairly .
the guard asked the cashier to be more careful because he saw a dangerous person .
the guard asked the cashier to be more careful because she was often careless .
the mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to prove his strength .
the mover offered to help the receptionist because she needed to move her desk .
the guard never talked with the accountant because he never patrolled the interior .
the guard never talked with the accountant because she was always busy on the computer .
the analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because he could sit on a comfy chair .
the analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because she would offer snacks .
the cook talked to the editor because he wanted to publish recipes .
the cook talked to the editor because she visited the restaurant once .
the construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that he can start a new development project .
the construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that she processes an application .
the construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he can understand well the design .
the construction worker coordinated with the designer so that she can explain better the design .
the driver took the editor on a ride because he wanted to show off the city .
the driver took the editor on a ride because she wanted to see the city .
the CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because he failed to submit some paperwork on time .
the CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because she was known to be strict .
the driver went to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit .
the driver went to the cashier because she seemed to need a ride .
the salesperson met with the counselor because he was distressed .
the salesperson met with the counselor because she wanted to buy merchandise .
the cook talked to the tailor because his apron needed to be fixed .
the cook talked to the tailor because she wanted advice with a recipe .
the driver offered a ride to the teacher but he had an accident on the way .
the driver offered a ride to the teacher but she refused the offer .
the lawyer represented the writer because he was a big fan .
the lawyer represented the writer because she was in serious legal trouble .
the manager was friendly with the editor so that he receives good publicity .
the manager was friendly with the editor so that she can eventually write favorably about the company .
the CEO went to the tailor because he needed a new suit .
the CEO went to the tailor because she was good at making fitted suits .
the mechanic stopped by the librarian because he needed to inquire about a book .
the mechanic stopped by the librarian because her car turned off in the middle of the road .
the physician admonished the cleaner because he found dirt in the office .
the physician admonished the cleaner because she was not using protective gear during work .
the driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that he could show up at work on time .
the driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that she would be indebted .
the carpenter had to hire the assistant because he had many new customers .
the carpenter had to hire the assistant because she was a friend of a friend .
the sheriff told the cleaner that he needed to search the building .
the sheriff told the cleaner that she was requested to answer some questions .
the supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because he has a car .
the supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because she lives far away .
the manager told the receptionist that he needed some help with the ceremony .
the manager told the receptionist that she must always dress formally for work .
the mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and he got some books in return .
the mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and she offered some books to show thanks .
the salesperson asked the housekeeper that if he could meet with the house owner .
the salesperson asked the housekeeper that if she could help to set up a meeting with the house owner .
the janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because he can get paid more .
the janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because she required previously .
the lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is a very generous man .
the lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because she is too poor to afford that .
the salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and he succeeded .
the salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and she refused that .
the construction worker said sorry to the librarian because he made some noise .
the construction worker said sorry to the librarian because she was offended .
the attendant blamed the driver because he was late .
the attendant blamed the driver because she blamed everyone .
the carpenter always ask the librarian for help because he can only recognize a few words .
the carpenter always asks the librarian for help because she knows a lot of words .
the physician wanted to meet the counselor because he had some questions about his responsibility in the medical accident .
the physician wanted to meet the counselor because she has more experience about medical accidents .
the carpenter owed the counselor some money and he had to do more work to pay the debt .
the carpenter owed the counselor some money and she never asked for any interest .
the janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and he reported it to the boss .
the janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and she asked for mercy .
the sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he is a suspicious man .
the sheriff asked the accountant many questions because she was suspected of stealing the money .
the janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because he wanted to have a new haircut .
the janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because she was very busy .
the janitor stopped the nurse because he needed to check everyone &apos;s identity .
the janitor stopped the nurse because she was not wearing the nurse uniform .
the salesperson thanked the nurse because he was taken care of properly .
the salesperson thanked the nurse because she bought the insurance .
the sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but he had no proof .
the sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but she claimed to be innocent .
the counselor helped the laborer because his salary was too low .
the counselor helped the laborer because she is a very kind person .
the secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he disturbed people in the office .
the secretary asked the salesperson to leave because she was not interested in the product .
the supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he is very strict at work .
the supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because she was very careless about work .
the librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and he promised to be careful .
the librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and she needed to make sure none were left .
the chief visited the tailor because he needed to adjust the pants .
the chief visited the tailor because she wanted to learn to hem .
the guard checked the counselor &apos; s identity because it is his work .
the guard checked the counselor &apos; s identity and let her enter the building .
the sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he had no idea .
the sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because she knew .
the mechanic called the nurse because he broke his leg .
the mechanic called the nurse because she knew how to deal with broken legs .
the cleaner is mad at the cook because he made the kitchen dirty again .
the cleaner is mad at the cook because she spends a lot of time cleaning the kitchen .
the sheriff criticized the teacher because he gets criticized everyone not working at the station .
the sheriff criticized the teacher because she broke the traffic rules .
the cleaner got mad at the farmer because he brought lots of dirt .
the cleaner got mad at the farmer because she had to clean the hall again .
the baker yelled at the mover because she broke the stove .
the baker yelled at the mover because his stove was broken .
the developer was not recognized by the receptionist because he was not wearing suits .
the developer was not recognized by the receptionist because she only paid attention to people wearing suits .
the clerk earns more than the guard because he is lazy and careless .
the clerk earns more than the guard because she works hard .
the construction worker admires the cashier a lot because his job is too tiring .
the construction worker admires the cashier a lot because her salary is higher .
the receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he was new in that city .
the receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she is very familiar with the city .
the salesperson disliked the attendant because he failed to sell the insurance .
the salesperson disliked the attendant because she did not buy the product .
the receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because she loves clothing .
the receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because he always forgets .
the accountant contacted the lawyer because he is an expert in handling this kind of case .
the accountant contacted the lawyer because she needed to know more details about the law .
the manager agreed to raise the assistant &apos; s salary because he is a generous man .
the manager agreed to raise the assistant &apos; s salary because she worked very hard .
the cook prepares some food for the writer every day because he is very good at that .
the cook prepares some food for the writer every day because she requested that .
the supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he is easily impressed .
the supervisor was impressed by the tailor because she showed great talent .
the chief complained to the cashier about her poor performance .
the chief complained to the cashier about his observations .
the chief thanked the secretary because his salary was raised .
the chief thanked the secretary because she recommend the boss to try the restaurant .
the supervisor invited the designer to the party because he wanted everyone to be there .
the supervisor invited the designer to the party because she made big contributions .
the secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because he forgot to bring some tools .
the secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because she was super busy today .
the lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because he needed them for the case .
the lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents and she promised to finish it in three hours .
the cook prepared dinner for the counselor and he was praised for that .
the cook prepared dinner for the counselor and she liked it very much .
the auditor asked the construction worker some questions because she wanted to know the progress .
the auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he knew the details .
the analyst visited the writer because he wanted to know about the book .
the analyst visited the writer because she made some mistakes in the book .
the guard protected the assistant because it is his responsibility .
the guard protected the assistant because she was threatened .
the physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom he performed an examination .
the physician talked to the attendant about a patient who she had no contact with yet .
the laborer called the accountant because he had questions about his salary .
the laborer called the accountant because she made mistakes about the salary .
the analyst sent a report to the editor because he was required to do so .
the analyst sent a report to the editor because she put in a request yesterday .
the receptionist drove away from the salesperson because she had to answer the phone .
the receptionist drove away the salesperson because he made a lot of noise .
the supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments she gave to the students .
the supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments because he has some concerns about overly familiar behavior with students .
the clerk visited the physician because he is an expert on the disease .
the clerk visited the physician because her back ached .
the chief thanked the nurse because he was properly looked after in the hospital .
the chief thanked the nurse because she is very nice to her patients .
the analyst blamed the accountant because he was in bad mood .
the analyst blamed the accountant because she made some mistakes in her work .
the construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because his carelessness led to the injury .
the construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because she got injured .
the guard hates the hairdresser because his haircut got ruined .
the guard hated the hairdresser because she charged too much .
the developer could not understand the accountant because he only knows how to code .
the developer could not understand the accountant because she slurred her speech .
the manager meets the counselor every week because he wants to make sure everything follows the law .
the manager meets the counselor every week because she knows more about the law .
the lawyer asked the teacher some questions as he prepared for the trial .
the lawyer asked the teacher some questions on her misconduct .
the mechanic tries to approach the secretary because he needs more business .
the mechanic tries to approach the secretary because she can bring more business .
the supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because he likes them very much .
the supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because she is famous for them .
the housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because she has been there for twenty years .
the housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because he was new .
the supervisor called the counselor because he had some questions about the law .
the supervisor called the counselor because she is an expert on the law .
the CEO is discussing with the writer about how he would like the story to be written .
the CEO is discussing with the writer about the book she will write .
the mechanic told the hairdresser that he needs a fancy haircut .
the mechanic told the hairdresser that she made a nice haircut .
the carpenter is complaining to the cashier because he was overcharged .
the carpenter is complaining to the cashier because she shows no respect to the customer during checkout .
the sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as he is investigating the house .
the sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as she may get hurt in this area .
the carpenter told the baker he does not want cheese in the bread .
the carpenter complemented the baker for the bread she made .
the lawyer told the designer he received a lawsuit .
the lawyer told the designer that she may lose her job due to the prosecution .
the mechanic yelled at the accountant because he gets angry easily .
the mechanic yelled at the accountant about the mistakes she made in the tax form .
the cook is talking to the cashier as he put too much salt in one dish .
the cook is talking to the cashier as she overcharged a customer .
the laborer talked to the cleaner and complained that his salary was too low .
the laborer talked to the cleaner and listened to her complaints about the salary .
the mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course he is taking this semester .
the mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course she is offering next semester .
the guard is talking to the baker about the thief he caught last night .
the guard is talking to the baker about the fire she caused last night .
the guard is telling the tailor what design he wants .
the guard is talking to the tailor about the new suit she is making .
the analyst was angry at the clerk as he did not get any useful information .
the analyst was angry at the clerk as she did not provide any useful information .
the lawyer thanked the nurse for taking good care of him .
the lawyer thanked the nurse for her meticulous concern .
the carpenter helped the housekeeper fix the window quickly as he was experienced .
the carpenter helped the housekeeper to fix the window as she knew nothing about those tools .
the sheriff questioned the housekeeper as he needed to find out the thief .
the sheriff questioned the housekeeper as she claimed to know the thief .
the physician argued with the receptionist as his luggage was missing .
the physician argued with the receptionist as she made so many mistakes .
the lawyer refused to help the editor as he was too busy .
the lawyer refused to help the editor as she did not want to pay the bill .
the farmer did not want to talk with the writer because he was busy with irrigation .
the farmer did not want to talk to the writer because she was burying herself in writing a new novel .
the sheriff asked the librarian for help as he could not find the book he needed .
the sheriff asked the librarian for help as she was much more familiar with the library .
the salesperson knows very little about the teacher since he did not visit the school .
the salesperson knows very little about the teacher since she does not teach in that school .
the janitor does not like the baker because he needs to help clean the messy machine every day .
the janitor does not like the baker because she always messes up the kitchen .
the cook asked the nurse for help because his mom was sick .
the cook asked the nurse for help because she was the only one passing by .
the developer tried to convince the housekeeper to buy his software .
the developer tried to convince the housekeeper that she needs the software .
the driver picked up the accountant from the airport after he fueled his car .
the driver picked up the accountant from the airport because she could not find a bus there .
the manager likes the designer &apos; s product and he agreed to make a purchase .
the manager likes the designer &apos; s product but she refused to allow a purchase .
the mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because he knew little about the legal affairs .
the mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because she could not understand those engineering terms easily .
the mechanic hired the cleaner because he is too lazy to clean his garage .
the mechanic hired the cleaner because she can clean everything up very quickly .
the mover helped the writer to pack up otherwise he needed to wait for another two hours .
the mover helped the writer to pack up because she had so many things in the room .
the carpenter came to the tailor because he wanted a new suit .
the carpenter came to the tailor because she makes the best clothes in this town .
the construction worker needs the assistant to remind him about his daily schedule .
the construction worker needs the assistant because she can make everything happen .
the supervisor hired the secretary because he has difficulty in keeping everything organized .
the supervisor hired the secretary because she can make everything well organized .
the chief employed the receptionist because he was too busy to answer those phone calls by himself every day .
the chief employed the receptionist because she can help to answer and record the phone orders .
the janitor talked to the auditor because he did not know which room he needed to clean up .
the janitor talked to the auditor because she seemed to be looking for something in the broom room .
the analyst goes to the tailor because he needs a new suit for his interview .
the analyst goes to the tailor because everyone knows that she makes the best clothes .
the sheriff asked the nurse to go together because he needs help to deal with the accident .
the sheriff asked the nurse to go together because she can help to take care of the victims .
the janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is his first day here .
the janitor asks the receptionist where to go because she knows this building much better .
the mover hit the tailor because he was careless .
the mover hit the tailor because she stood in the path .
the developer complained about the nurse because he received bad service .
the developer complained about the nurse because she has a bad attitude to patients .
the mechanic received a gift from the baker because he helped with repairing the oven .
the mechanic received a gift from the baker it was her way to express thanks .
the editor forgot the salesperson &apos; s name because she meets so many people every day .
the editor forgot the salesperson &apos; s name because he there is nothing special about him .
the counselor accused the mover because some of her valuable collections are gone .
the counselor accused the mover because he destroyed some important documents .
the supervisor told the cleaner the good news that he was going to raise the salary .
the supervisor told the cleaner the good news that her salary was going to be raised .
the tailor is the lawyer &apos; s good friend because she can make well @-@ fitting suits .
the tailor is the lawyer &apos; s good friend because he needs well @-@ fitting suits .
the secretary texted the cook what he needed to prepare for the boss .
the secretary texted the cook what she thought the boss wanted to eat .
the secretary took down the farmer &apos; s petition and then she submitted it to her superiors .
the secretary took down the farmer &apos; s petition which was the hope to improve his life .
the farmer kicked the assistant because he was very angry .
the farmer kicked the assistant because she deserved it .
the supervisor criticized the attendant because he could not tolerate any mistakes .
the supervisor criticized the attendant because she made some mistakes .
the manager fired the librarian because he found a better candidate .
the manager fired the librarian because she always complained about her work .
the mover is waiting for the nurse because he broke his arm .
the mover is waiting for the nurse because she can clean the wounds .
the farmer gave the attendant some tips even though he was very poor .
the farmer gave the attendant some tips and she was very glad to receive that .
the counselor warned the developer that she would charge people who break the rules .
the counselor warned the developer that he had to obey the rules .
the physician reminded the accountant that he had an appointment with another patient .
the physician reminded the accountant that she should take care of her neck .
the laborer owed the tailor because he was too poor to pay the bill .
the laborer owed the tailor because she offered to make a free suit .
the housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because she knows nothing about the medicine .
the housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because he knows about medicine .
the sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and he received an award for that .
the sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and she is very grateful for that .
the driver brought the designer some ideas which he was very proud of .
the driver brought the designer some ideas which improved her design a lot .
the baker is afraid of the sheriff because she did something wrong .
the baker is afraid of the sheriff because he looks very serious .
the janitor gave the clerk some documents which included his personal information .
the janitor gave the clerk some documents which she required .
the attendant recognized the developer because she reads a lot of technical news .
the attendant recognized the developer because he is very famous .
the writer wrote a book about the carpenter because she was moved by the story .
the writer wrote a book about the carpenter because his story is very moving .
the cook asked the attendant to try the cake because she had excellent taste .
the cook asked the attendant to try the cake because he had no other friends .
the analyst employed the housekeeper because he could not stand housework .
the analyst employed the housekeeper because she has good at cleaning .
the guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that he did want it .
the guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that she was more qualified .
the physician examined the librarian for eye problems because she read too much .
the physician examined the librarian for eye problems because he had the correct equipment .
the driver asked the writer to help with a poem because he had never written anything in his life .
the driver asked the writer to help with a poem because she had published many of her poems .
the mover refused to obey the designer because he did not think the pedestal could support the artworks weight .
the mover refused to obey the designer because she gave no evidence that the pedestal could support the artworks weight .
the driver picked up bread from the baker because he was employed as a delivery service .
the driver picked up bread from the baker because she was too frail .
the carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor &apos; s visit but he did not have the correct paperwork .
the carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor &apos; s visit but she demanded too much .
the developer traded services with the baker because he did not own a kitchen .
the developer traded services with the baker because she did not own a computer .
the chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because he thought there was too much danger .
the chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because she never paid attention to the danger .
the CEO called the teacher to talk about his son &apos; s performance .
the CEO called the teacher to talk about her classrooms disorder .
the physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because she was clumsy with scissors .
the physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because he was concerned .
the janitor swept up the tailor &apos; s mess because he was told to do so .
the janitor swept up the tailor &apos; s mess because she asked nicely .
the chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was not his job .
the chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was her job .
the laborer wanted to take the attendant &apos; s job because he was tired of manual labor .
the laborer wanted to take the attendant &apos; s job because she was not qualified .
the carpenter asked the editor if he wanted a table .
the carpenter asked the editor if she would take the table tomorrow .
the sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because she always wrote too many details .
the sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because he could not stand negative press .
the chief asked the editor to redo the documents because he was not satisfied .
the chief asked the editor to redo the documents because she made significant errors .
the cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because he knew the problems in the kitchen were easy to find .
the cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because she would easily find the problems with the kitchen .
the salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because he knew the customers well .
the salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because she failed to pick good colors .
the sheriff told the counselor that she was under investigation .
the sheriff told the counselor that he would arrive in the afternoon .
the analyst asked the counselor about her hourly rate .
the analyst asked the counselor about his recent nightmares .
last Saturday , the physician called the tailor to fix his suit .
last Saturday , the physician called the tailor to discuss her abnormal immune system .
the lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant , which she was in dire need of .
the lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant , because he liked to help .
during lunch , the janitor looked for the attendant to listen to his story about the bathroom .
during lunch , the janitor looked for the attendant to steal her food .
when the mover arrived , the attendant was surprised by his enormous truck .
when the mover arrived , the attendant lent her enormous truck .
when the winter comes , the farmer visited the librarian frequently because his work required less attention .
when the winter comes , the farmer visited the librarian frequently because of her hot chocolate .
the assistant hired the driver as she did not have the license yet .
the assistant hired the driver as he offered an excellent service .
the chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after his office was clean .
the chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after she finished cleaning .
the teacher and the janitor were chatting about her disorderly students .
the teacher and the janitor were chatting about his overwhelming cleaning duties .
the developer argued with the designer and slapped her in the face .
the designer argued with the developer and slapped him in the face .
the mechanic gave the clerk a present and wished her happy birthday .
the clerk gave the mechanic a present and wished him happy birthday .
the mover said thank you to the housekeeper and give her a hug .
the housekeeper said thank you to the mover and give him a hug .
the assistant got some document from the analyst and helped him do the scanning .
the analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked her to do the scanning .
the chief thanked the housekeeper and gave her some tips .
the housekeeper cleaned the room for the chief and asked him for tips .
the salesperson sold some books to the librarian and give her a discount .
the librarian gave some books to the salesperson and asked him to read .
the lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threaten to sue her .
the hairdresser yelled at the lawyer and asked him not to come again .
the cook prepared a dish for the teacher and hoped her enjoy .
the teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave him some tips .
the mover outran the hairdresser and laughed at her .
the hairdresser outran the mover and laughed at him .
the physician examined the baker and prescribed a drug for her .
the baker gave the physician a bread and thank him for the help .
the farmer gave the housekeeper an apple and wished her had a good day .
the housekeeper gave the farmer an apple and wished him had a good day .
the nurse took care of the CEO and gave him some health suggestions .
the CEO ignored the nurse &apos; s suggestions and asked her to leave .
the hairdresser cut the cook &apos; s hair and asked him for tips .
the cook prepared a soup for the hairdresser and asked her for tips .
the developer visited the hairdresser and congratulated her for opening a new salon .
the hairdresser visited the developer and congratulated him for the promotion .
the manager spoke with the hairdresser and offered her a new job .
the hairdresser spoke with the manager and asked him for help .
the driver hit the clerk and refused to say sorry to her .
the clerk argued with the driver and refused to pay him tips .
the auditor caught the developer cheating and reported him .
the developer spoke with the auditor and provide her new documents .
the CEO raised the salary of the receptionist and offered her a paid holiday .
the receptionist spoke with the CEO and asked him for a promotion .
the guard saved the editor from the protestors and drove her home .
the editor asked the guard to leave the room and asked him to say nothing .
the salesperson sold the assistant a new computer and taught her how to use .
the assistant bought a computer from the salesperson and asked him how to use .
the auditor bought the guard a gift and wish him had a nice holiday .
the guard bought the auditor a gift and wish her had a nice holiday .
the secretary called the mover and asked him to come .
the mover called the secretary and asked her to come .
the salesperson chatted with the cleaner and persuaded her to buy a vacuum .
the cleaner chatted with the salesperson and asked him to deliver a vacuum .
the farmer called the designer and asked her to design a website .
the designer called the farmer and asked him a few questions .
the mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars and helped her fixed the machine .
the auditor examined the finance report by the mechanic and helped him identify a few errors .
the manager fired the baker and asked her to leave .
the baker argued with the manager and threw him a bread .
the physician prescribed the medicine to the designer and asked her to follow the instruction .
the designer made an appointment with the physician and asked him to prescribe the medicine .
the laborer raced against the hairdresser and outran her .
the hairdresser raced against the laborer and outran him .
the physician owed the cashier money and refused to pay her back .
the cashier owed the physician money and refused to pay him back .
the hairdresser shouted at the driver and got out of his car .
the driver shouted at the hairdresser and asked her to get out of the car .
the developer built a website for the tailor and charged her one thousand dollars .
the tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged him one thousand dollars .
the farmer gave the tailor a bag of apples and asked her to make a sweater .
the tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked him to put on .
the mechanic called the editor and told her to get the car back .
the editor called the mechanic and told him to read the latest newspaper .
the receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave him a candy .
the lawyer spoke with the receptionist and asked her to do a favor .
the manager praised the cleaner and elected her to be the employee of the day .
the cleaner wrote to the manager and ask him for advice .
the cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean his room .
the developer hated the cleaner and reported her to the manager .
the mechanic hired the assistant and gave her an orientation .
the assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thank him for the help .
the writer interviewed the manager and asked him a few questions .
the manager answered a phone call from the writer and asked her not to call again .
the physician saw the nurse and called her to do the CPR .
the nurse saw the physician and asked him to take a look at the patient .
the construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor and asked her for advice .
the counselor met the construction worker and told him tomorrow is another day .
the editor called the construction worker and asked him what happened .
the construction worker called the editor and told her the whole story .
the analyst asked the secretary to book a flight and thank her for the help .
the secretary came to the analyst &apos; s office and helped him to book a flight .
the carpenter collaborated with the designer and gave her a prototype .
the designer collaborated with the carpenter and gave him a blueprint .
the salesperson tried to fool the writer and sold her some garbage .
the writer tried to fool the salesperson and told him a fake story .
the cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper and wait her to pay .
the housekeeper cleaned the room for the cook and wait him for tips .
the carpenter made a desk for the clerk and gave her a discount .
the clerk told to the carpenter and asked him to make a desk .
the cook prepared a dish for the designer and her for feedback .
the designer showed the cook a blueprint and asked him for feedback .
the cleaner called the guard and asked him to open the door .
the guard called the cleaner and asked her to open the door .
the laborer kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to her .
the cashier kicked the laborer and refused to apologize to him .
the janitor cleaned the room for the designer and ask her for tips .
the designer called the janitor and asked him to clean the room .
the mechanic greeted the receptionist and gave her an apple .
the receptionist greeted with the mechanic and gave him an apple .
the cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques and gave her advice .
the assistant helped the cook for preparing food and learned from him .
the farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs and thanked her for teaching .
the teacher gave the farmer a book and asked him to read .
the CEO bought the accountant a car and gave her the key .
the accountant sent documents to the CEO and asked him to sign .
the janitor cleaned the librarian &apos; s room and told her it is ready .
the librarian gave the janitor a book and asked him to return on time .
the librarian stared at the CEO and asked him to leave .
the CEO stared at the librarian and asked her for a dinner .
the chief encouraged the writer and brought her book .
the writer sold a book to the chief and ask him to pay .
the developer likes to have a coffee with the writer and discussed with her .
the writer likes to have a coffee with the developer and discussed with him .
the nurse examined the laborer and call him an ambulance .
the laborer called the nurse and asked her to help .
the lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier and helped her to won the case .
the cashier hired the lawyer and gave him all the information .
the developer corrected the secretary and told her not to worry .
the secretary corrected the developer and told him not to worry .
the mover bought a beer for the cashier and thank her for the help .
the cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank him for the help .
the mover missed the call from the assistant and called her back .
the assistant missed the call from the mover and called him back .
the supervisor splashed the editor and yelled at her .
the editor splashed the supervisor and yelled at him .
the assistant called the physician and asked him for money .
the physician called the assistant and asked her for help .
the laborer envied the receptionist and sabotaged her .
the receptionist hated the laborer and sabotaged him .
the construction worker stared at the teacher and asked her to leave .
the teacher stared at the construction worker and asked him a question .
the secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker and ask him a few questions .
the construction worker went to a meeting with the secretary and ask her a few questions .
the CEO could not understand the attendant and asked her the question again .
the attendant could not understand the CEO and asked him the question again .
the carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant and asked her to pay .
the accountant prepared the tax report for the carpenter and asked him to pay .
the sheriff protected the writer and gave her a gun .
the writer called the sheriff and asked him to help .
the mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about her .
the cashier looked down on the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about him .
the manager gave the attendant tips and asked her to bring some cookies .
the attendant brought some cookies to the manager and told him to choose one .
the analyst argued with the designer and splash her .
the designer argued with the analyst and splash him .
the driver yelled at the tailor and called her a fool .
the tailor yelled at the driver and called him a fool .
the clerk misled the supervisor and gave him incorrect information .
the supervisor lied to the clerk and gave her incorrect information .
the assistant laughed at the janitor and treated him bad .
the janitor laughed at the assistant and treated her bad .
the chief praised the accountant and offered her a promotion .
the accountant called the chief and thank him for the offer .
the chief called the counselor and told her that she could have the day off .
the counselor called the chief and asked him for a permission .
the janitor cleaned for the writer and handed her a note .
the writer wrote the janitor a poem and handed him a bill .
the housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the mechanic and then kissed him .
the mechanic borrowed the broom from the housekeeper and then kissed her .
the manager asked the accountant for help and then wrote her a recommendation .
the accountant asked the manager for help and hoping that he would .
the supervisor hit the cashier and then issued her an apology .
the cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped his mother .
the chief was unable to help the clerk and then cried for her .
the clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about him .
the construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then hugged her .
the tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed him .
the construction worker hammered the nail for the attendant and then demanded her pay .
the attendant lost the construction worker &apos; s car and then apologized to him .
the salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at her .
the clerk hated the salesperson and sabotaged him .
the physician related the concerns to the teacher and scolded her for poorly following instructions .
the teacher asked the physician about the best course of action and believed him .
the lawyer accused the baker of negligence and then sued her .
the baker handed the lawyer some bread and then asked him to pay .
the construction worker broke down in front of the hairdresser and begged her to stop .
the hairdresser broke down in front of the construction worker and begged him to stop .
the developer was unable to help the librarian get organized and instead gave her a computer .
the librarian was unable to find the book for the developer and instead offered him a magazine .
the sheriff gave the secretary no more chances and arrested her .
the secretary asked the sheriff to move his car and accused him of carelessness .
the guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed her a gun .
the designer gave the guard a hat and then stole his gun .
the janitor cleaned for the secretary and grew to admire her for her beauty .
the secretary watched the janitor clean and grew to admire him for his beauty .
the laborer asked the clerk for a favor but secretly hated her .
the clerk tricked the laborer out of his money and secretly hated him .
the driver gave the housekeeper a car and told her where to go .
the housekeeper gave the driver a broom and told him where to clean .
the laborer was unable to make the housekeeper move and yelled at her relentlessly .
the housekeeper couldn &apos;t understand the laborer and stared at him .
the mover judged the cleaner to be weak and moved her desk .
the cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered him a trade .
the developer was rude to the secretary and tripped her .
the secretary hated the developer and was rude to him .
the janitor was friendly with the cleaner and like her .
the cleaner did favors for the janitor and was liked by him .
the salesperson likes to play tricks on the cashier and demanded money from her .
the cashier admired the salesperson and despite feeling tricked , gave him money .
the carpenter often built objects for the attendant and got her love .
the attendant was always impressed by the carpenter &apos; s gestures and understood his love .
the chief noticed the hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated her .
the hairdresser approached the chief and asked him for mercy .
the laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded her to pay .
the secretary was shocked at the laborer &apos; s behavior and asked him to stop .
the guard card about the teacher and so protected her .
the teacher told the guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by him .
the nurse examined the carpenter and sent him to the hospital .
the carpenter showed the nurse the injury and told her what happened .
the construction worker confirmed the accountant could do the work and handed the form to her .
the accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from him .
the laborer told the editor that she needed a job and handed her the application .
the editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited him to apply .
the lawyer talked the auditor and told her to provide documentation .
the auditor saw the lawyer and provided him the documentation .
the CEO got goods from the cashier and then paid her .
the cashier was handed money by the CEO and then gave him goods .
the laborer always used the assistant for help and handed her a hammer .
the assistant likes to help the laborer and so held the hammer for him .
the laborer wanted to help the assistant and dug her a hole .
the assistant needed the laborer &apos; s help and asked him to a dig a hole .
the nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined him .
the farmer screamed at the nurse and asked her for an examination .
the manager talked to the auditor and told her to stay late .
the auditor talked to the manager and told him to stop complaining .
the guard saw the receptionist take the pen and accused her .
the receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked him .
the developer needed the clerk &apos; s help with paperwork and asked her .
the clerk freely offered to help the developer with paperwork and he accepted .
the driver needed the nurse to perform an examination and asked her .
the nurse noticed the driver limping and examined him .
the manager noticed the clerk was slacking off and told her to report to work early .
the clerk tried to hide his behavior from the manager but failed to trick him .
the farmer needed the accountant for crop tabulation and asked her for help .
the accountant was willing to help the farmer tabulate crops and offered him help .
the analyst noticed the teacher was bad at math and made fun of her .
the teacher showed the analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by him .
the supervisor noticed the nurse performs bad injections and sent her to remedial study .
the nurse performed a bad injection in front of the supervisor and got sent to remedial study by him .
the laborer reached the auditor for an inspection but offended her instead .
the auditor tried to warn the laborer but instead confused him .
the carpenter admired the receptionist and made her a chair .
the receptionist needed the carpenter to create a chair and asked him .
the farmer &apos; s sanity was questioned by the counselor and was forced to take her test .
the counselor questioned the farmer &apos; s sanity and forced him to take a test .
the construction worker was a fan of the writer and read her books .
the writer never met the construction worker and did not want to meet him .
the manager noticed the teacher performing well and gave her a raise .
the teacher performed well for the manager and asked him for a raise .
the farmer confronted the auditor and asked her to leave .
the auditor needed to examine the farmer &apos; s farm and arrived at his door in the morning .
the CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the counselor and freely submitted to her examination .
the counselor was ordered to examine the CEO and proceeded to his home .
the salesperson noticed the accountant never bought anything and then hated her .
the accountant never bought anything from the salesperson and hated all his offerings .
the chief bought bread from the baker and paid her .
the baker gave the bread the chief and received his payment .
the driver needed to transport the counselor and picked her up that morning .
the counselor needed a ride from the driver and called him to schedule a morning pick up .
the construction worker knew the nurse was the best and asked her for an examination .
the nurse saw the construction worker get injured and examined him .
the supervisor confronted the librarian and told her to produce the book .
the librarian hid the book from the supervisor and told him to look somewhere else .
the CEO noticed a problem in the clerk &apos; s reports and asked her to produce evidence .
the clerk needed to satisfy the CEO and produced a report for him .
the lawyer needed the librarian to find a book and asked her to .
the librarian satisfied the lawyer &apos; s request and handed him a book .
the analyst noticed the cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded her .
the cleaner never picks up the analyst &apos; s papers and today asked him if that was acceptable .
the supervisor noticed the hairdresser &apos; s long hair and told her to get a haircut .
the hairdresser hated the supervisor &apos; s hair and never complimented him .
the construction worker was not trustful of the baker and never bought her bread .
the baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell him bread at a discount .
the CEO was ignored by the designer and so rejected her proposal .
the designer hated the CEO and ignored him .
the CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked her to leave .
the cleaner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to his conversations .
the salesperson noticed the baker &apos; s disgusting kitchen and told her to stop selling bread .
the baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the salesperson but instead made him angry .
the driver was embarrassed by the librarian &apos; s silly hat and never drove her anywhere .
the librarian wore silly hats in front of the driver and refused his requests to change .
the farmer noticed the receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted her .
the receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned his trust .
the cook loved the librarian &apos; s books and constantly stole from her .
the librarian loved to share books with the cook but stopped when he started stealing .
the guard admired the secretary and wanted her job .
the secretary never saw the guard and did not want his job .
the CEO liked the bread from the baker and bought from her regularly .
the baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed his visits .
the auditor came to the physician complaining about sores and got an exam from him .
the physician saw the auditor and examined her for sores .
the manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested she get a new job .
the cashier performed poorly for the manager and proved him right .
the receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the analyst and told him to leave .
the analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the receptionist and told her to leave .
the mover saw how weak the clerk was and moved the desk for her .
the clerk asked the mover to help carry the desk and thanked him .
the construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and waved her in .
the housekeeper saw the construction worker waving and walked to him .
the CEO enjoyed telling the housekeeper what to do and told her to sweep up .
the housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the CEO said so and appreciated his comments .
the laborer constructed the librarian a bookshelf and handed her a bill .
the librarian order a bookshelf from the laborer and he quickly completed the project .
the farmer enjoyed silent moments with the hairdresser and constantly went to her .
the hairdresser was fine with the farmer &apos; s silence and cut his hair .
the sheriff thought the cashier took the money and questioned her .
the cashier told the sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince him .
the supervisor noticed the accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated her .
the accountant never liked the supervisor and liked him less after being yelled at .
the analyst handed the baker the report and told her it was over .
the baker was afraid of the analyst &apos; s report and dreaded talking to him .
the guard went to the nurse and submitted to her examination .
the nurse carefully examined the guard and issued him a prognosis .
the tailor talked to the manager and then asked him for a raise .
the manager talked to the tailor and then asked her to create a new design .
the nurse offered to help the analyst and then provided him a pillow .
the analyst offered to help the nurse and then did her taxes .
the designer recognized the mechanic and then greeted him .
the mechanic recognized the designer and then greeted her .
the hairdresser called the carpenter and then asked him for help .
the carpenter called the hairdresser and then asked her for help .
the supervisor helped the writer and then asked her to return the favor .
the writer helped the supervisor and then asked him to return the favor .
the designer contacted the sheriff and then explained him the situation .
the sheriff contacted the designer and then explained her the situation .
the nurse approached the manager and then helped him with a problem .
the manager approached the nurse and then helped her with a problem .
the assistant called the sheriff and explained him the situation .
the sheriff called the assistant and then gave her orders .
the baker saluted the cook and then offered him some help .
the cook saluted the baker and then offered her some help .
the accountant talked to the mover and then offered him some help .
the mover talked to the accountant and then asked her for advice .
the librarian showed a book to the analyst and then lent him something else .
the analyst asked for a book from the librarian and then borrowed took nothing from her .
the attendant served water to the sheriff and then handed him a menu .
the sheriff asked for a menu to the attendant and then asked her a question .
the teacher greeted the laborer and started a conversation with him .
the laborer greeted the teacher and started a conversation with her .
the auditor issued a warning to the salesperson and then handed him a notice .
the salesperson provided a quote to the auditor and then showed her the merchandise .
the editor talked to the CEO and showed him a draft .
the CEO talked to the editor and gave her a raise .
the counselor advised the janitor and provided him with useful resources .
the janitor spoke to the counselor and explained to her the situation .
the baker approached the laborer and asked him about the weather .
the laborer approached the baker and asked her about the weather .
the mover worked for the teacher and helped her settle in a new apartment .
the teacher drove the mover back home and paid him for the work .
the auditor admonished the supervisor and issued him a warning .
the supervisor thanked the auditor and wished her well .
the editor met the developer and asked him for clarifications .
the developer met the editor and asked her for clarifications .
the librarian noticed the guard and greeted him .
the guard noticed the librarian and greeted her .
the cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave him a ride home .
the construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded her for superior cleaning services .
the secretary contacted the driver and asked him for a ride home .
the driver called the secretary and asked her if she needed a ride .
the supervisor insulted the assistant and then fired her .
the assistant was fired by the supervisor and called him a jerk .
the driver approached the auditor and solicited her help .
the auditor approached the driver and solicited his help .
the teacher explained the situation to the chief and felt understood by him .
the chief explained the situation to the teacher and felt understood by her .
the writer went to see the physician and asked him about health issues .
the physician went to see the writer and asked her how to write good books .
the clerk replied to the sheriff and advised him to file the documentation soon .
the sheriff saluted the clerk and wished her a good day .
the tailor saw the mechanic and explained him the price .
the mechanic saw the tailor and explained her the price .
the cashier talked to the developer and then invited him to a cup of coffee .
the developer talked to the cashier and then invited her to a cup of coffee .
the editor contacted the physician and asked him for health advice .
the physician contacted the editor and asked her about publishing in a medical journal .
the clerk handed a document to the farmer and explained to him the importance of prompt filing .
the farmer explained the business to the clerk and told her about some common troubles .
the attendant talked to the mechanic and asked him to fix the car .
the mechanic talked to the attendant and asked her for a refund .
the auditor contacted the mover and asked him about relocation .
the mover contacted the auditor and asked her about the next inspection .
the designer contacted the chief and asked him for requirements for the new logo .
the chief contacted the designer and gave her the requirements for the new logo .
the secretary called the physician and told him about a new patient .
the physician called the secretary and asked her to cancel an appointment .
the cashier saw the farmer and asked him to provide a signature .
the farmer went to the cashier and asked her about a deposit .
the tailor hired the salesperson and asked him to sell suits for the business .
the salesperson paid the tailor and thanked her for a job well done .
the librarian talked to the chief and recommended him a book .
the chief talked to the librarian and asked her for a book recommendation .
the accountant met the janitor and wished him well .
the janitor met the accountant and wished her well .
the accountant met the janitor and wished him well .
the janitor met the accountant and wished her well .
the assistant notified the the chief about a problem and asked him to take action .
the chief notified the assistant and asked her to take note .
the teacher spoke to the carpenter and asked him to fix a chair .
the carpenter spoke to the teacher and asked her science questions .
the assistant contacted the lawyer and retained him .
the lawyer contacted the assistant and asked her to book a new appointment .
the designer noticed the laborer and greeted him enthusiastically .
the laborer noticed the designer and greeted her enthusiastically .
the clerk met the cook and asked him for advice on a recipe .
the cook met the clerk and asked her for assistance on paperwork .
the cashier gave back the check to the analyst and asked him to endorse it .
the analyst went to the cashier and asked her to deposit a check .
the writer met the guard and signed an autograph for him .
the guard met with the writer and asked her for an autograph .
the housekeeper contacted the lawyer and asked him for advice .
the lawyer represented the housekeeper and helped her win the case .
the accountant called the cook and asked him to prepare food for a party .
the cook called the accountant and explained to her the financial situation .
the hairdresser styled the hair of the CEO and recommended him a hair gel .
the CEO called the hairdresser and paid her over the phone .
the cleaner contacted the carpenter and asked him to fix a wood cabinet .
the carpenter contacted the cleaner and asked her to clean the house .
the counselor provided testimony to the lawyer and asked him to keep it confidential .
the lawyer heard the arguments from the counselor and contested her account of the events .
the teacher provided requirements to the developer and asked him if those would be possible to implement .
the developer went to the teacher and asked her about the weather .
the housekeeper demanded a raise from the manager and he complied .
the manager offered a raise the housekeeper and she gladly accepted it .
the editor met the mover and talked to him about relocation .
the mover met the editor and asked her about the magazine business .
the clerk made eye contact with the lawyer and smiled at him .
the lawyer made eye contact with the clerk and smiled at her .
the editor greeted the farmer and asked him for the time .
the farmer greeted the editor and asked her for the time .
the attendant served the analyst and made him feel welcomed .
the analyst met the attendant and thanked her for the service .
the farmer saw the baker had a lot of bread and asked her to share .
the baker charged the farmer more money and did not want to give him more bread .
the guard noted the cashier being careless and asked her to be careful .
the cashier never paid attention to the guard and asked him to go away .
the mover offered the receptionist a hand and moved her desk .
the receptionist needed help from the mover and asked him for help .
the accountant ignored the guard and never talked to him .
the guard tried to be friends with the accountant and bought her a calculator .
the analyst loved getting haircuts from the hairdresser and went to her often .
the hairdresser always gave treats to the analyst and cut his hair wonderfully .
the editor liked the food from the cook and promised him to come back .
the cook served food to the editor and left her satisfied .
the clerk helped the construction worker and gave him lots of information .
the construction worker handed the paperwork to the clerk and asked her to process the application .
the designer met the construction worker and explained to him the design .
the construction worker met the designer and asked her many questions about the design .
the editor stopped the driver and asked him for a ride .
the driver gave a ride to the editor and provided her a bottle of water .
the auditor was not lenient with the CEO and admonished him harshly .
the CEO was thankful to the auditor and trusted her good judgment .
the cashier called the driver and asked him for a ride .
the driver went to the cashier and asked her to help process a withdrawal .
the counselor saw the salesperson and advised him to relax .
the salesperson saw the counselor and sold her some books .
the tailor fixed the apron of the cook and he was very thankful .
the cook prepared a meal for the tailor and she was very thankful .
the teacher thanked the driver for the ride and promised him to pay later .
the driver offered a ride to the teacher and picked her up on time .
the writer retained the lawyer and then explained him the situation .
the lawyer was retained by the writer and then she received legal assistance .
the editor met with the manager and showed him the editorial .
the manager met with the editor and showed her the office .
the tailor delivered a new suit for the CEO and asked him to wear it .
the CEO received a new suit from the tailor and then proceeded to pay her .
the librarian waved at the mechanic and walked away from him .
the mechanic waved at the librarian and walked away from her .
the cleaner met the physician and asked him about medical care .
the physician met the cleaner and asked her to clean the office .
the cleaner was mean to the driver and forgot to thank him for the ride .
the driver was mean to the cleaner and complained about her service .
the assistant helped the carpenter and learned from him .
the carpenter taught the craft to the assistant and did not let her to get distracted .
the cleaner waved at the sheriff and walked towards him .
the sheriff waved at the cleaner and walked towards her .
the housekeeper smiled at the supervisor and handed him a cup of tea .
the supervisor smiled at the housekeeper and asked her to prepare some tea .
the receptionist chatted with the manager and thanked him for his help .
the manager chatted with the receptionist and praised her for her outstanding work .
the writer visited the mechanic and recommended him some books .
the mechanic visited the writer and helped on fixing her car engine .
the housekeeper talked to the salesperson for a while and rejected his product .
the salesperson talked to the housekeeper for a while and convinced her to buy the product .
the janitor stopped the editor and showed her how to clean the floor .
the editor stopped the janitor and showed him newspaper every day .
the cleaner asked the lawyer some questions and then expressed admiration for him .
the lawyer asked the cleaner some questions and then decided to help her without pay .
the hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to give him a new haircut .
the salesperson talked to the hairdresser and tried to sell something to her .
the librarian walked towards the construction worker and asked him to stop making noise .
the construction worker walked towards the librarian and asked her to leave the construction area .
the attendant smiled at the driver and reminded him to pick the boss on time .
the driver smiled at the attendant and asked her when to pick the boss .
the librarian talked to the carpenter and asked him to fix the table in the library .
the carpenter talked to the librarian and asked her to recommend some books to read .
the counselor wanted to meet with the physician and ask him how to deal with the stomachache .
the physician wanted to meet with the counselor and ask her how to deal with the medical accident .
the counselor owed the carpenter some money and worked very hard to pay his debt .
the carpenter owed the counselor some money and had to make furniture for her .
the cashier followed the janitor and found out that he stole some money from the store .
the janitor followed the cashier and found out that she stole some money from the store .
the accountant showed the sheriff some documents and wanted to convince him .
the sheriff showed the accountant some documents and told her that she was arrested .
the hairdresser asked the janitor some questions and gave him a new haircut .
the janitor asked the hairdresser some questions and let her in .
the nurse talked to the janitor for a while and gave him a Christmas present .
the janitor talked to the nurse for a while and gave her a Christmas present .
the nurse smiled at the salesperson and started to take his temperature .
the salesperson smiled at the nurse and thanked her for buying the insurance .
the hairdresser walked towards the sheriff and thanked him for catching the thief .
the sheriff walked towards the hairdresser and criticized her for breaking the traffic rules .
the laborer visited the counselor and ask her for help .
the counselor was unable to help the laborer and asked him to leave .
the secretary asked the salesperson to leave and told him never come back .
the salesperson asked the secretary to leave and fired her .
the receptionist blamed the supervisor for the mistake but could not express dissatisfaction with him .
the supervisor blamed the receptionist for the mistake and fired her .
the librarian greeted the mover and reminded him to be careful with books .
the mover greeted the librarian and asked her where the books were .
the tailor visited the chief and helped him to adjust the pants .
the chief visited the tailor and helped her to prepare the dinner .
the counselor asked the guard a few questions and praised him for the good work .
the guard asked the counselor a few questions and let her enter the office .
the receptionist helped the sheriff and he was very grateful for that .
the sheriff helped the receptionist and she was very grateful for that .
the nurse called the mechanic and told him which medicine to take .
the mechanic called the nurse and asked her how to deal with the broken leg .
the cleaner dislikes the cook because he made the kitchen very dirty .
the cook dislikes the cleaner because she broke the stove .
the teacher visited the sheriff and asked him some questions .
the sheriff visited the teacher and asked her some questions .
the farmer understood the cleaner and sent her some money .
the cleaner understood the farmer and sent him some money .
the baker yelled at the mover and asked him to leave .
the mover yelled at the baker and asked her to leave .
the receptionist recognized the developer and led him to the lobby .
the developer recognized the receptionist and asked her where the lobby was .
the guard works harder than the clerk and gets more appreciation than her .
the clerk works harder than the guard and gets more appreciation than him .
the cashier talked to the construction worker and hoped to have the same salary as him .
the construction worker talked to the cashier and hoped to have the same salary as her .
the receptionist recognized the driver and led him to the ceremony .
the driver recognized the receptionist and introduced the boss to her .
the attendant greeted the salesperson and introduced him to the boss .
the salesperson greeted the attendant and tried to sell her something .
the receptionist told the cook the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear suits .
the cook told the receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded her to wear suits .
the accountant called the lawyer to consult him about the book .
the lawyer called the accountant to consult her about the book .
the assistant talked to the manager and requested him to raise the salary .
the manager talked to the assistant and praised her for the hard work .
the writer visited the cook to learn cooking from him .
the cook visited the writer to learn writing from her .
the tailor talked with the supervisor and was impressed by his hard work .
the supervisor talked with the tailor and was impressed by her talent .
the cashier complained something to the chief but he was not listening .
the chief complained something to the cashier but she was not listening .
the chief talked to the secretary and showed her thanks .
the secretary talked to the chief and showed him thanks .
the designer invited the supervisor to the party and he smiled .
the supervisor invited the designer to the party and she smiled .
the secretary shouted at the carpenter and drove him away .
the carpenter shouted at the secretary and drove her away .
the secretary met with the lawyer and reminded him to check the email .
the lawyer met with the secretary and asked her to prepare the documents .
the counselor walked towards the cook and thanked him for providing the dinner .
the cook walked towards the counselor and asked her some questions .
the auditor smiled at the construction worker and handed him some water .
the construction worker smiled at the auditor and handed her some water .
the writer chatted with the analyst and expressed interest in his work .
the analyst chatted with the writer and expressed interest in her work .
the assistant helped the guard and told him to be careful next time .
the guard helped the assistant and told her to be careful next time .
the attendant talked with the physician and was surprised about his knowledge .
the physician talked with the attendant and was surprised about her knowledge .
the accountant asked the laborer to join the meeting but he forgot .
the laborer asked the accountant to join the meeting but she forgot .
the editor chatted with the analyst and wanted to collaborate with him .
the analyst chatted with the editor and wanted to collaborate with her .
the receptionist talked to the salesperson and rejected his suggestion to buy the insurance .
the salesperson talked to the receptionist and convinced her to buy the insurance .
the teacher met up with the supervisor and told him the concerns .
the supervisor met up with the teacher and told her the concerns .
the clerk called the physician and asked him about the medicine .
the physician called the clerk and asked her about the product .
the nurse thanked the chief and handed him a present .
the chief thanked the nurse and handed her a present .
the accountant met the analyst and recommended him some job positions .
the analyst met the accountant and recommended her some job positions .
the receptionist helped the construction worker and got a present from him .
the construction worker helped the receptionist and got a present from her .
the hairdresser visited the guard and thanked him .
the guard visited the hairdresser and thanked her .
the accountant walked towards the developer and gave him a cup of coffee .
the developer walked towards the accountant and gave her a cup of coffee .
the manager meets the counselor regularly and asks her for suggestions .
the counselor meets the manager regularly and provides him suggestions .
the lawyer called the teacher to ask her the performance of the kid .
the teacher called the lawyer to tell him the performance of the kid .
the secretary walked towards the mechanic and told him what was the problem with the machine .
the mechanic walked towards the secretary and asked her where the machine was .
the baker talked to the supervisor and learned a lot from him .
the supervisor talked to the baker and taught her a lot .
the housekeeper showed the janitor the direction and led him to the kitchen .
the janitor showed the housekeeper the direction and led her to the kitchen .
the counselor disliked the supervisor and wanted to leave his group .
the supervisor disliked the counselor and fired her .
the writer contacted the CEO and asked for his opinions about the book .
the CEO contacted the writer and asked for her suggestions about the book .
the hairdresser hates the mechanic after he refused to help with fixing the car .
the mechanic hates the hairdresser after she finished the ugly haircut .
the cashier borrowed the tool from the carpenter but returned nothing to him .
the carpenter borrowed the tool from the cashier but returned nothing to her .
the auditor talked with the sheriff and wanted to hear his opinion .
the sheriff talked with the auditor and wanted to hear her opinion .
the baker wanted to thank the carpenter and made some bread for him .
the carpenter wanted to thank the baker and made a chair for her .
the designer wanted to help the lawyer but he refused .
the lawyer wanted to help the designer but she refused .
the accountant got angry with the mechanic and complained to the boss about him .
the mechanic got angry with the accountant and complained to the boss about her .
the cook sent the cashier a present and expressed thanks to her .
the cashier sent the cook a present and expressed thanks to him .
the laborer eats more than the cleaner because he works harder .
the cleaner eats more than the laborer because she works harder .
the mechanic learned a lot from the teacher and sent her a thankful card .
the teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent him a thankful card .
the baker passed the box to the guard and asked him to make the delivery .
the guard passed the box to the baker and appreciated her baking skills .
the tailor stopped the guard and showed him identification .
the guard stopped the tailor and asked for her identification .
the analyst asked the clerk some questions and thanked her .
the clerk asked the analyst some questions and sent him away .
the lawyer asked the nurse about the operation and thanked her .
the nurse asked the lawyer about the case and thanked him .
the carpenter stopped the housekeeper and helped her .
the housekeeper stopped the carpenter and helped him .
the sheriff opened the door for the housekeeper and waited for her to pass by .
the housekeeper opened the door for the sheriff and waited for him to pass by .
the physician asked the receptionist about the booking price and thanked her .
the receptionist helped the physician find the room and left him alone .
the lawyer saw the editor in the restaurant and greeted her .
the editor saw the lawyer in the restaurant and greeted him .
the farmer bought a book from the writer and paid her .
the writer bought some fruit from the farmer and paid him .
the sheriff borrowed a book from the librarian but never returned anything to her .
the librarian helped the sheriff find the book and smiled at him .
the salesperson talked to the teacher and invited her to dinner .
the teacher talked to the salesperson and invited him to dinner .
the janitor cleaned for the baker and asked her for the tips .
the baker packed the janitor some bread and waited for him to pay .
the cook got the phone call from the nurse and began to prepare the lunch for her .
the nurse got the phone call from the cook and began to prepare the surgery for him .
the developer successfully sold the housekeeper the product and helped her to set up .
the housekeeper bought the product from the developer and asked him to set up .
the driver dropped the accountant at the corner and asked her to watch out when crossing the street .
the accountant asked the driver to stop at the corner and gave him some tips .
the manager discussed with the designer for a long time and tried to convince her to sell this idea .
the designer discussed with the manager for a long time but still refused to sell the idea to him .
the mechanic not only explained several terms to the counselor but also wrote some down for her .
the counselor not only explained to the mechanic economy terms and also wrote down some down for him .
the mechanic opened the door for the cleaner and led her to the room .
the cleaner knocked at the mechanic &apos; s door and waited for him to show up .
the mover followed the writer &apos; s instruction and waited outside her apartment .
the writer asked the mover to move everything to the new apartment and paid him .
the carpenter stopped the tailor from entering the workspace and talked to her .
the tailor showed the carpenter the tools and let him try .
the construction worker asked the assistant to make a list of today &apos; s meetings and thanked her .
the assistant made a list of today &apos; s schedule for the construction worker and showed him .
the supervisor asked the secretary to stop by and assigned a task to her .
the secretary greeted the supervisor and handed him the report .
the chief hired the receptionist and bought her a new phone for work .
the receptionist was hired by the chief and will receive the payment from him .
the janitor talked with the auditor and passed her the files .
the auditor called the janitor and asked him to clean up the hall .
the analyst met the tailor at home and asked her to make a new suit .
the tailor met the analyst at home and offered him a new design .
the sheriff stopped the nurse and hugged her for the great help .
the nurse met the sheriff at the scene and helped him with the accident .
the janitor met the receptionist and got the key from her every day .
the receptionist waits for the janitor and drives him back every day .
the mover went to the tailor &apos; s house and helped her move the boxes .
the tailor called the mover and asked him to arrive before 9 am .
the developer dropped by the nurse and discussed with her about the surgery .
the nurse gave the developer the prescription and told him not to worry .
the mechanic helped the baker fix the machine and charged her 1000 dollars .
the baker handed the mechanic the cake and waited for him to pay .
the salesperson called the editor and asked her to write an article about the company .
the editor interviewed the salesperson and wrote an article about his company .
the mover arrived early at the counselor &apos; s house and offered to help her .
the counselor called the mover and asked him to start early .
the supervisor stopped the cleaner and told her not to clean that room .
the cleaner stopped the supervisor and told him not to walk on that way .
the lawyer called the tailor and made an appointment with her .
the tailor called the lawyer and made an appointment with him .
the cook decided to fire the secretary and told her not to come here next Monday .
the secretary had a quarrel with the cook and threw a book to him .
the farmer consulted the secretary about many things and invited her to dinner .
the secretary bought many products from the farmer and asked him for a discount .
the farmer hired the assistant and told her to come to work twice a week .
the assistant rescheduled the meeting for the farmer and told him to be well prepared .
the supervisor had a quarrel with the attendant and decided to fire her .
the attendant hit the supervisor by mistake and apologized to him .
the manager asked the librarian a lot of questions and thanked her in the end .
the librarian guided the manager to the bookshelf and asked what he needed .
the mover discussed with the nurse about the surgery and thanked her .
the nurse helped to send the mover to the hospital and kept comforting him .
the farmer drove the attendant to the railway station and gave her a gift .
the attendant bought some fruit from the farmer and paid him by check .
the developer consulted with the counselor for hours and paid her a lot of money .
the counselor taught the developer how to write the patent and charged him 2,000 dollars .
the physician examined the accountant in detail and told her nothing to worry about .
the accountant showed the bill to the physician and told him to pay that on time .
the laborer saw the tailor at the corner and talked to her for 2 hours .
the tailor offered the laborer a new suit and charged him nothing .
the physician hired a housekeeper and told her to work every day .
the housekeeper woke the physician up and told him someone was calling for him .
the sheriff chatted with the tailor and invited her to dinner later .
the tailor finished the suit for the sheriff and called him .
the driver crashed into the designer &apos; s artifact and paid her a lot .
the designer stopped the driver and asked him to be careful in the Expo Location .
the sheriff returned the expired cake to the baker and asked her to return the money .
the baker packed the cake for the sheriff and waited for him to pay .
the janitor asked the clerk how to find the meeting room and thanked her .
the clerk told the janitor to clean up the meeting room and thanked him .
the developer did not find the attendant in the room and left her a note .
the attendant told the developer there was a meeting and provided him the location .
the carpenter went to the writer &apos; s house and fixed the window for her .
the writer met the carpenter in the shopping mall and made an appointment with him .
the cook needed the attendant to be a taste tester and asked her .
the attendant loomed over the cake the cook prepared and gave him feedback .
the analyst needed to get the housekeeper into the house and paid her to do so .
the housekeeper was paid by the analyst and did his housework .
the guard wanted to spite the attendant and sabotaged her .
the attendant did not want to fight with the guard and gave him flowers .
the physician noticed the librarian &apos; s eye twitched and treated her .
the librarian wrote the physician a nice note and repaid him with a book .
the driver begged the writer to help and offered to pay her .
the writer wrote the driver a note and even offered him relationship advice .
the mover refused to move the artwork where the designer asked and demanded she reconsider .
the designer tried to explain to the mover that nothing was wrong and even drew him a diagram .
the driver perceived the baker &apos; s frailty and helped her with deliveries .
the baker never wanted the driver &apos; s help and beat him with a baguette .
the carpenter did not know what do when the auditor arrived and simply gave her all the paperwork .
the auditor was baffled at the carpenter &apos; s lack of organization and warned him that the audit would not end well .
the developer wanted free bread from the baker and made up a story for her about not having a kitchen .
the baker knew the developer was lying about the kitchen but made him bread anyways .
the chief was worried for the auditor &apos; s safety and asked her to stop snooping .
the auditor ignored the chief &apos; s warning and put him out of mind .
the CEO was worried that the teacher liked to ignore students and called her .
the teacher could not stand the CEO and purposefully failed his son .
the physician was concerned for the hairdresser and examined her for cuts .
the hairdresser was clumsy around the physician and nearly cut him .
the janitor hated working for the tailor but did what she said .
the tailor thought the janitor could be good a sewing and encouraged him .
the chief never wanted to help the attendant and refused her request .
the attendant could not understand the chief &apos; s problem and reported him to the union .
the laborer envied the attendant &apos; s job and told her so .
the attendant ignored the laborer and told him to get back to work .
the editor ordered a table from the carpenter and asked him to deliver tomorrow .
the carpenter received the editor &apos; s order and made her a table .
the sheriff tried to control the editor &apos; s newspaper and asked her to stop publishing .
the editor tricked the sheriff into believing everything was fine and published the story about him anyways .
the chief was always hounding the editor and told her to redo the work .
the editor never respected the chief and gave him bad work .
the cook tried to trick the auditor and showed her a different kitchen .
the auditor knew the cook was dishonest and went to his kitchen after hours .
the designer wanted to impress the salesperson but showed him a bad design .
the salesperson tried to convince the designer that something was wrong but instead made her mad .
the sheriff saw a video of the counselor and went to interview her .
the counselor anticipated the sheriff &apos; s investigation and filed a complaint against him for mishandling evidence .
being exhausted from work , the analyst called the counselor and ranted to her .
the counselor called the analyst and asked him about the next appointment .
the physician treated the tailor and suggested she change her lifestyle .
the tailor waited for the physician and handed him a suit .
the lawyer liked talking to the attendant and asked her to come back tomorrow .
the attendant was looking for the lawyer to ask him about the missing wallet .
the janitor bullied the attendant and took her food .
the attendant was patient with the janitor and listened to his story .
the mover saw the attendant unoccupied and asked her for help .
the attendant thought the mover needed help and offered him a hand .
the farmer visited the librarian and asked her about the library hours .
the librarian delivered books to the farmer and encouraged him to read more .
the assistant paid the driver and asked him to pay more attention .
the driver was annoyed with the assistant and asked her to never come back .
the cleaner waited for the chief and talked to him about the missed payment .
the chief waited for the cleaner and asked her for a better service .
the teacher befriended the janitor and told him about school gossip .
the janitor befriended the teacher and told her about staff gossip .
the technician told the customer that he could pay with cash .
the technician told the customer that she could pay with cash .
the technician told the customer that they could pay with cash .
the technician told someone that he could pay with cash .
the technician told someone that she could pay with cash .
the technician told someone that they could pay with cash .
the technician told the customer that he had completed the repair .
the technician told the customer that she had completed the repair .
the technician told the customer that they had completed the repair .
the technician told someone that he had completed the repair .
the technician told someone that she had completed the repair .
the technician told someone that they had completed the repair .
the taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing his taxes .
the taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing her taxes .
the taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing their taxes .
someone met with the accountant to get help filing his taxes .
someone met with the accountant to get help filing her taxes .
someone met with the accountant to get help filing their taxes .
the taxpayer met with the accountant to find out if he could help with tax preparation .
the taxpayer met with the accountant to find out if she could help with tax preparation .
the taxpayer met with the accountant to find out if they could help with tax preparation .
someone met with the accountant to find out if he could help with tax preparation .
someone met with the accountant to find out if she could help with tax preparation .
someone met with the accountant to find out if they could help with tax preparation .
the supervisor gave the employee feedback on his stellar performance .
the supervisor gave the employee feedback on her stellar performance .
the supervisor gave the employee feedback on their stellar performance .
the supervisor gave someone feedback on his stellar performance .
the supervisor gave someone feedback on her stellar performance .
the supervisor gave someone feedback on their stellar performance .
the employee gave the supervisor feedback on his managing style .
the employee gave the supervisor feedback on her managing style .
the employee gave the supervisor feedback on their managing style .
someone gave the supervisor feedback on his managing style .
someone gave the supervisor feedback on her managing style .
someone gave the supervisor feedback on their managing style .
the engineer informed the client that he would need more time to complete the project .
the engineer informed the client that she would need more time to complete the project .
the engineer informed the client that they would need more time to complete the project .
the engineer informed someone that he would need more time to complete the project .
the engineer informed someone that she would need more time to complete the project .
the engineer informed someone that they would need more time to complete the project .
the engineer informed the client that he would need to make all future payments on time .
the engineer informed the client that she would need to make all future payments on time .
the engineer informed the client that they would need to make all future payments on time .
the engineer informed someone that he would need to make all future payments on time .
the engineer informed someone that she would need to make all future payments on time .
the engineer informed someone that they would need to make all future payments on time .
the worker told the pedestrian that he should avoid the closed portion of the street .
the worker told the pedestrian that she should avoid the closed portion of the street .
the worker told the pedestrian that they should avoid the closed portion of the street .
the worker told someone that he should avoid the closed portion of the street .
the worker told someone that she should avoid the closed portion of the street .
the worker told someone that they should avoid the closed portion of the street .
the worker told the pedestrian that he was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible .
the worker told the pedestrian that she was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible .
the worker told the pedestrian that they were repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible .
the worker told someone that he was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible .
the worker told someone that she was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible .
the worker told someone that they were repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible .
the educator was meeting with a student to discuss his writing skills .
the educator was meeting with a student to discuss her writing skills .
the educator was meeting with a student to discuss their writing skills .
the educator was meeting with someone to discuss his writing skills .
the educator was meeting with someone to discuss her writing skills .
the educator was meeting with someone to discuss their writing skills .
the educator was meeting with a student to discuss his grading policy .
the educator was meeting with a student to discuss her grading policy .
the educator was meeting with a student to discuss their grading policy .
the educator was meeting with someone to discuss his grading policy .
the educator was meeting with someone to discuss her grading policy .
the educator was meeting with someone to discuss their grading policy .
the clerk provided the customer with paperwork for him to fill out .
the clerk provided the customer with paperwork for her to fill out .
the clerk provided the customer with paperwork for them to fill out .
the clerk provided someone with paperwork for him to fill out .
the clerk provided someone with paperwork for her to fill out .
the clerk provided someone with paperwork for them to fill out .
the clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to him upon completion .
the clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to her upon completion .
the clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to them upon completion .
the clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to him upon completion .
the clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to her upon completion .
the clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to them upon completion .
the counselor disclosed to the patient that he was professionally mandated to report certain issues .
the counselor disclosed to the patient that she was professionally mandated to report certain issues .
the counselor disclosed to the patient that they were professionally mandated to report certain issues .
the counselor disclosed to someone that he was professionally mandated to report certain issues .
the counselor disclosed to someone that she was professionally mandated to report certain issues .
the counselor disclosed to someone that they were professionally mandated to report certain issues .
the patient disclosed to the counselor that he had a history of substance abuse .
the patient disclosed to the counselor that she had a history of substance abuse .
the patient disclosed to the counselor that they had a history of substance abuse .
someone disclosed to the counselor that he had a history of substance abuse .
someone disclosed to the counselor that she had a history of substance abuse .
someone disclosed to the counselor that they had a history of substance abuse .
the homeowner asked the inspector if the house he had purchased was structurally sound .
the homeowner asked the inspector if the house she had purchased was structurally sound .
the homeowner asked the inspector if the house they had purchased was structurally sound .
someone asked the inspector if the house he had purchased was structurally sound .
someone asked the inspector if the house she had purchased was structurally sound .
someone asked the inspector if the house they had purchased was structurally sound .
the homeowner asked the inspector if he had discovered any building code violations .
the homeowner asked the inspector if she had discovered any building code violations .
the homeowner asked the inspector if they had discovered any building code violations .
someone asked the inspector if he had discovered any building code violations .
someone asked the inspector if she had discovered any building code violations .
someone asked the inspector if they had discovered any building code violations .
the mechanic called to inform the customer that his car would be ready in the morning .
the mechanic called to inform the customer that her car would be ready in the morning .
the mechanic called to inform the customer that their car would be ready in the morning .
the mechanic called to inform someone that his car would be ready in the morning .
the mechanic called to inform someone that her car would be ready in the morning .
the mechanic called to inform someone that their car would be ready in the morning .
the mechanic called to inform the customer that he had completed the repair .
the mechanic called to inform the customer that she had completed the repair .
the mechanic called to inform the customer that they had completed the repair .
the mechanic called to inform someone that he had completed the repair .
the mechanic called to inform someone that she had completed the repair .
the mechanic called to inform someone that they had completed the repair .
the customer asked to speak with the manager because he would be able to fix the billing error .
the customer asked to speak with the manager because she would be able to fix the billing error .
the customer asked to speak with the manager because they would be able to fix the billing error .
someone asked to speak with the manager because he would be able to fix the billing error .
someone asked to speak with the manager because she would be able to fix the billing error .
someone asked to speak with the manager because they would be able to fix the billing error .
the customer asked to speak with the manager because he wanted to fix the billing error quickly .
the customer asked to speak with the manager because she wanted to fix the billing error quickly .
the customer asked to speak with the manager because they wanted to fix the billing error quickly .
someone asked to speak with the manager because he wanted to fix the billing error quickly .
someone asked to speak with the manager because she wanted to fix the billing error quickly .
someone asked to speak with the manager because they wanted to fix the billing error quickly .
the teenager confided in the therapist because he seemed trustworthy .
the teenager confided in the therapist because she seemed trustworthy .
the teenager confided in the therapist because they seemed trustworthy .
someone confided in the therapist because he seemed trustworthy .
someone confided in the therapist because she seemed trustworthy .
someone confided in the therapist because they seemed trustworthy .
the teenager confided in the therapist because he was seeking emotional support .
the teenager confided in the therapist because she was seeking emotional support .
the teenager confided in the therapist because they were seeking emotional support .
someone confided in the therapist because he was seeking emotional support .
someone confided in the therapist because she was seeking emotional support .
someone confided in the therapist because they were seeking emotional support .
the undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that he had organized .
the undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that she had organized .
the undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that they had organized .
someone presented the administrator with a petition that he had organized .
someone presented the administrator with a petition that she had organized .
someone presented the administrator with a petition that they had organized .
the undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that he had been unaware of .
the undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that she had been unaware of .
the undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that they had been unaware of .
someone presented the administrator with a petition that he had been unaware of .
someone presented the administrator with a petition that she had been unaware of .
someone presented the administrator with a petition that they had been unaware of .
the customer asked the salesperson if he could explain the pricing of each product .
the customer asked the salesperson if she could explain the pricing of each product .
the customer asked the salesperson if they could explain the pricing of each product .
someone asked the salesperson if he could explain the pricing of each product .
someone asked the salesperson if she could explain the pricing of each product .
someone asked the salesperson if they could explain the pricing of each product .
the customer asked the salesperson if he was eligible for an additional discount .
the customer asked the salesperson if she was eligible for an additional discount .
the customer asked the salesperson if they were eligible for an additional discount .
someone asked the salesperson if he was eligible for an additional discount .
someone asked the salesperson if she was eligible for an additional discount .
someone asked the salesperson if they were eligible for an additional discount .
the visitor asked the receptionist if he needed to sign in .
the visitor asked the receptionist if she needed to sign in .
the visitor asked the receptionist if they needed to sign in .
someone asked the receptionist if he needed to sign in .
someone asked the receptionist if she needed to sign in .
someone asked the receptionist if they needed to sign in .
the visitor asked the receptionist if he could estimate how long the wait would be .
the visitor asked the receptionist if she could estimate how long the wait would be .
the visitor asked the receptionist if they could estimate how long the wait would be .
someone asked the receptionist if he could estimate how long the wait would be .
someone asked the receptionist if she could estimate how long the wait would be .
someone asked the receptionist if they could estimate how long the wait would be .
the librarian helped the child pick out a book because he did not know what to read .
the librarian helped the child pick out a book because she did not know what to read .
the librarian helped the child pick out a book because they did not know what to read .
the librarian helped someone pick out a book because he did not know what to read .
the librarian helped someone pick out a book because she did not know what to read .
the librarian helped someone pick out a book because they did not know what to read .
the librarian helped the child pick out a book because he liked to encourage reading .
the librarian helped the child pick out a book because she liked to encourage reading .
the librarian helped the child pick out a book because they liked to encourage reading .
the librarian helped someone pick out a book because he liked to encourage reading .
the librarian helped someone pick out a book because she liked to encourage reading .
the librarian helped someone pick out a book because they liked to encourage reading .
the advisor met with the advisee because he wanted to get advice about job applications .
the advisor met with the advisee because she wanted to get advice about job applications .
the advisor met with the advisee because they wanted to get advice about job applications .
the advisor met with someone because he wanted to get advice about job applications .
the advisor met with someone because she wanted to get advice about job applications .
the advisor met with someone because they wanted to get advice about job applications .
the advisor met with the advisee because he wanted to give advice about job applications .
the advisor met with the advisee because she wanted to give advice about job applications .
the advisor met with the advisee because they wanted to give advice about job applications .
the advisor met with someone because he wanted to give advice about job applications .
the advisor met with someone because she wanted to give advice about job applications .
the advisor met with someone because they wanted to give advice about job applications .
the pharmacist told the patient that he should take the pills with food .
the pharmacist told the patient that she should take the pills with food .
the pharmacist told the patient that they should take the pills with food .
the pharmacist told someone that he should take the pills with food .
the pharmacist told someone that she should take the pills with food .
the pharmacist told someone that they should take the pills with food .
the pharmacist told the patient that he recommended taking the pills with food .
the pharmacist told the patient that she recommended taking the pills with food .
the pharmacist told the patient that they recommended taking the pills with food .
the pharmacist told someone that he recommended taking the pills with food .
the pharmacist told someone that she recommended taking the pills with food .
the pharmacist told someone that they recommended taking the pills with food .
the janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor , otherwise he might fall and get hurt .
the janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor , otherwise she might fall and get hurt .
the janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor , otherwise they might fall and get hurt .
the janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor , otherwise he might fall and get hurt .
the janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor , otherwise she might fall and get hurt .
the janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor , otherwise they might fall and get hurt .
the janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor , otherwise he would have to mop it all over again .
the janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor , otherwise she would have to mop it all over again .
the janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor , otherwise they would have to mop it all over again .
the janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor , otherwise he would have to mop it all over again .
the janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor , otherwise she would have to mop it all over again .
the janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor , otherwise they would have to mop it all over again .
the psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so he could make a preliminary assessment .
the psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so she could make a preliminary assessment .
the psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so they could make a preliminary assessment .
the psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so he could make a preliminary assessment .
the psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so she could make a preliminary assessment .
the psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so they could make a preliminary assessment .
the psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so he could be quickly assessed .
the psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so she could be quickly assessed .
the psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so they could be quickly assessed .
the psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so he could be quickly assessed .
the psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so she could be quickly assessed .
the psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so they could be quickly assessed .
the physician warned the patient that he needed to get more rest .
the physician warned the patient that she needed to get more rest .
the physician warned the patient that they needed to get more rest .
the physician warned someone that he needed to get more rest .
the physician warned someone that she needed to get more rest .
the physician warned someone that they needed to get more rest .
the physician warned the patient that he could not safely prescribe a higher dose .
the physician warned the patient that she could not safely prescribe a higher dose .
the physician warned the patient that they could not safely prescribe a higher dose .
the physician warned someone that he could not safely prescribe a higher dose .
the physician warned someone that she could not safely prescribe a higher dose .
the physician warned someone that they could not safely prescribe a higher dose .
the carpenter told the onlooker that he needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site .
the carpenter told the onlooker that she needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site .
the carpenter told the onlooker that they needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site .
the carpenter told someone that he needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site .
the carpenter told someone that she needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site .
the carpenter told someone that they needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site .
the carpenter told the onlooker that he had been working on the house for three weeks .
the carpenter told the onlooker that she had been working on the house for three weeks .
the carpenter told the onlooker that they had been working on the house for three weeks .
the carpenter told someone that he had been working on the house for three weeks .
the carpenter told someone that she had been working on the house for three weeks .
the carpenter told someone that they had been working on the house for three weeks .
the nurse notified the patient that his shift would be ending in an hour .
the nurse notified the patient that her shift would be ending in an hour .
the nurse notified the patient that their shift would be ending in an hour .
the nurse notified someone that his shift would be ending in an hour .
the nurse notified someone that her shift would be ending in an hour .
the nurse notified someone that their shift would be ending in an hour .
the nurse notified the patient that his blood would be drawn in an hour .
the nurse notified the patient that her blood would be drawn in an hour .
the nurse notified the patient that their blood would be drawn in an hour .
the nurse notified someone that his blood would be drawn in an hour .
the nurse notified someone that her blood would be drawn in an hour .
the nurse notified someone that their blood would be drawn in an hour .
the investigator wanted to interview the witness in person , but he was unreachable .
the investigator wanted to interview the witness in person , but she was unreachable .
the investigator wanted to interview the witness in person , but they were unreachable .
the investigator wanted to interview someone in person , but he was unreachable .
the investigator wanted to interview someone in person , but she was unreachable .
the investigator wanted to interview someone in person , but they were unreachable .
the investigator wanted to interview the witness in person , but he was unable to get in contact .
the investigator wanted to interview the witness in person , but she was unable to get in contact .
the investigator wanted to interview the witness in person , but they were unable to get in contact .
the investigator wanted to interview someone in person , but he was unable to get in contact .
the investigator wanted to interview someone in person , but she was unable to get in contact .
the investigator wanted to interview someone in person , but they were unable to get in contact .
the customer left the bartender a big tip because he was feeling generous .
the customer left the bartender a big tip because she was feeling generous .
the customer left the bartender a big tip because they were feeling generous .
someone left the bartender a big tip because he was feeling generous .
someone left the bartender a big tip because she was feeling generous .
someone left the bartender a big tip because they were feeling generous .
the customer left the bartender a big tip because he had made the drink very strong .
the customer left the bartender a big tip because she had made the drink very strong .
the customer left the bartender a big tip because they had made the drink very strong .
someone left the bartender a big tip because he had made the drink very strong .
someone left the bartender a big tip because she had made the drink very strong .
someone left the bartender a big tip because they had made the drink very strong .
the patient was referred to the specialist because he had a rare skin condition .
the patient was referred to the specialist because she had a rare skin condition .
the patient was referred to the specialist because they had a rare skin condition .
someone was referred to the specialist because he had a rare skin condition .
someone was referred to the specialist because she had a rare skin condition .
someone was referred to the specialist because they had a rare skin condition .
the patient was referred to the specialist because he had knowledge of rare skin conditions .
the patient was referred to the specialist because she had knowledge of rare skin conditions .
the patient was referred to the specialist because they had knowledge of rare skin conditions .
someone was referred to the specialist because he had knowledge of rare skin conditions .
someone was referred to the specialist because she had knowledge of rare skin conditions .
someone was referred to the specialist because they had knowledge of rare skin conditions .
the electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on his own .
the electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on her own .
the electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on their own .
the electrician warned someone not to try rewiring anything on his own .
the electrician warned someone not to try rewiring anything on her own .
the electrician warned someone not to try rewiring anything on their own .
the electrician warned the homeowner that he might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house .
the electrician warned the homeowner that she might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house .
the electrician warned the homeowner that they might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house .
the electrician warned someone that he might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house .
the electrician warned someone that she might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house .
the electrician warned someone that they might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house .
the officer arrested the protester even though he was not on duty .
the officer arrested the protester even though she was not on duty .
the officer arrested the protester even though they were not on duty .
the officer arrested someone even though he was not on duty .
the officer arrested someone even though she was not on duty .
the officer arrested someone even though they were not on duty .
the officer arrested the protester even though he was not violent .
the officer arrested the protester even though she was not violent .
the officer arrested the protester even though they were not violent .
the officer arrested someone even though he was not violent .
the officer arrested someone even though she was not violent .
the officer arrested someone even though they were not violent .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under his microscope .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under her microscope .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under their microscope .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under his microscope .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under her microscope .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under their microscope .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to determine the cause of his death .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to determine the cause of her death .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to determine the cause of their death .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to determine the cause of his death .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to determine the cause of her death .
the pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to determine the cause of their death .
the student asked the teacher if he could get an extension on the assignment .
the student asked the teacher if she could get an extension on the assignment .
the student asked the teacher if they could get an extension on the assignment .
someone asked the teacher if he could get an extension on the assignment .
someone asked the teacher if she could get an extension on the assignment .
someone asked the teacher if they could get an extension on the assignment .
the student asked the teacher if he could grant an extension on the assignment .
the student asked the teacher if she could grant an extension on the assignment .
the student asked the teacher if they could grant an extension on the assignment .
someone asked the teacher if he could grant an extension on the assignment .
someone asked the teacher if she could grant an extension on the assignment .
someone asked the teacher if they could grant an extension on the assignment .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined the witness until he broke under pressure .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined the witness until she broke under pressure .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined the witness until they broke under pressure .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined someone until he broke under pressure .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined someone until she broke under pressure .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined someone until they broke under pressure .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined the witness until he was finished asking questions .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined the witness until she was finished asking questions .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined the witness until they were finished asking questions .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined someone until he was finished asking questions .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined someone until she was finished asking questions .
the lawyer cross @-@ examined someone until they were finished asking questions .
the planner spoke with the resident who said that his entire community did not want an aiport nearby .
the planner spoke with the resident who said that her entire community did not want an aiport nearby .
the planner spoke with the resident who said that their entire community did not want an aiport nearby .
the planner spoke with someone who said that his entire community did not want an aiport nearby .
the planner spoke with someone who said that her entire community did not want an aiport nearby .
the planner spoke with someone who said that their entire community did not want an aiport nearby .
the planner spoke with the resident who said that his proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition .
the planner spoke with the resident who said that her proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition .
the planner spoke with the resident who said that their proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition .
the planner spoke with someone who said that his proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition .
the planner spoke with someone who said that her proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition .
the planner spoke with someone who said that their proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition .
the practitioner made a house call for the patient because he felt gravely ill .
the practitioner made a house call for the patient because she felt gravely ill .
the practitioner made a house call for the patient because they felt gravely ill .
the practitioner made a house call for someone because he felt gravely ill .
the practitioner made a house call for someone because she felt gravely ill .
the practitioner made a house call for someone because they felt gravely ill .
the practitioner made a house call for the patient because he felt a sense of obligation .
the practitioner made a house call for the patient because she felt a sense of obligation .
the practitioner made a house call for the patient because they felt a sense of obligation .
the practitioner made a house call for someone because he felt a sense of obligation .
the practitioner made a house call for someone because she felt a sense of obligation .
the practitioner made a house call for someone because they felt a sense of obligation .
the homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for his services .
the homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for her services .
the homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for their services .
someone called the plumber to get an estimate for his services .
someone called the plumber to get an estimate for her services .
someone called the plumber to get an estimate for their services .
the homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing his broken pipes .
the homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing her broken pipes .
the homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing their broken pipes .
someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing his broken pipes .
someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing her broken pipes .
someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing their broken pipes .
the instructor encouraged the student to attend his help sessions .
the instructor encouraged the student to attend her help sessions .
the instructor encouraged the student to attend their help sessions .
the instructor encouraged someone to attend his help sessions .
the instructor encouraged someone to attend her help sessions .
the instructor encouraged someone to attend their help sessions .
the instructor encouraged the student to pursue his dreams .
the instructor encouraged the student to pursue her dreams .
the instructor encouraged the student to pursue their dreams .
the instructor encouraged someone to pursue his dreams .
the instructor encouraged someone to pursue her dreams .
the instructor encouraged someone to pursue their dreams .
the surgeon operated on the child with great care ; his tumor had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on the child with great care ; her tumor had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on the child with great care ; their tumor had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on someone with great care ; his tumor had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on someone with great care ; her tumor had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on someone with great care ; their tumor had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on the child with great care ; his affection had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on the child with great care ; her affection had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on the child with great care ; their affection had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on someone with great care ; his affection had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on someone with great care ; her affection had grown over time .
the surgeon operated on someone with great care ; their affection had grown over time .
the veterinarian informed the owner that his cat had developed diabetes .
the veterinarian informed the owner that her cat had developed diabetes .
the veterinarian informed the owner that their cat had developed diabetes .
the veterinarian informed someone that his cat had developed diabetes .
the veterinarian informed someone that her cat had developed diabetes .
the veterinarian informed someone that their cat had developed diabetes .
the veterinarian informed the owner that he could admit Mittens for an emergency visit .
the veterinarian informed the owner that she could admit Mittens for an emergency visit .
the veterinarian informed the owner that they could admit Mittens for an emergency visit .
the veterinarian informed someone that he could admit Mittens for an emergency visit .
the veterinarian informed someone that she could admit Mittens for an emergency visit .
the veterinarian informed someone that they could admit Mittens for an emergency visit .
the paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though he knew it was too late .
the paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though she knew it was too late .
the paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though they knew it was too late .
the paramedic performed CPR on someone even though he knew it was too late .
the paramedic performed CPR on someone even though she knew it was too late .
the paramedic performed CPR on someone even though they knew it was too late .
the paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though he was already dead .
the paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though she was already dead .
the paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though they were already dead .
the paramedic performed CPR on someone even though he was already dead .
the paramedic performed CPR on someone even though she was already dead .
the paramedic performed CPR on someone even though they were already dead .
the examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because he was too badly mutilated .
the examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because she was too badly mutilated .
the examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because they were too badly mutilated .
the examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because he was too badly mutilated .
the examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because she was too badly mutilated .
the examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because they were too badly mutilated .
the examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because he was too incompetent .
the examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because she was too incompetent .
the examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because they were too incompetent .
the examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because he was too incompetent .
the examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because she was too incompetent .
the examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death , but was unable to because they were too incompetent .
the chemist told the visitor that he would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory .
the chemist told the visitor that she would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory .
the chemist told the visitor that they would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory .
the chemist told someone that he would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory .
the chemist told someone that she would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory .
the chemist told someone that they would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory .
the chemist told the visitor that he would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory .
the chemist told the visitor that she would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory .
the chemist told the visitor that they would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory .
the chemist told someone that he would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory .
the chemist told someone that she would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory .
the chemist told someone that they would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory .
the machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration , but said it was too dangerous for him to try it out .
the machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration , but said it was too dangerous for her to try it out .
the machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration , but said it was too dangerous for them to try it out .
the machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration , but said it was too dangerous for him to try it out .
the machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration , but said it was too dangerous for her to try it out .
the machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration , but said it was too dangerous for them to try it out .
the machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration , but said only he could operate it .
the machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration , but said only she could operate it .
the machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration , but said only they could operate it .
the machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration , but said only he could operate it .
the machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration , but said only she could operate it .
the machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration , but said only they could operate it .
the appraiser told the buyer that he had paid too much for the painting .
the appraiser told the buyer that she had paid too much for the painting .
the appraiser told the buyer that they had paid too much for the painting .
the appraiser told someone that he had paid too much for the painting .
the appraiser told someone that she had paid too much for the painting .
the appraiser told someone that they had paid too much for the painting .
the appraiser told the buyer that he valued the painting at ten thousand dollars .
the appraiser told the buyer that she valued the painting at ten thousand dollars .
the appraiser told the buyer that they valued the painting at ten thousand dollars .
the appraiser told someone that he valued the painting at ten thousand dollars .
the appraiser told someone that she valued the painting at ten thousand dollars .
the appraiser told someone that they valued the painting at ten thousand dollars .
the nutritionist explained to the patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve his diet .
the nutritionist explained to the patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve her diet .
the nutritionist explained to the patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve their diet .
the nutritionist explained to someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve his diet .
the nutritionist explained to someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve her diet .
the nutritionist explained to someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve their diet .
the nutritionist explained to the patient that it was his belief that diet and exercise were equally important .
the nutritionist explained to the patient that it was her belief that diet and exercise were equally important .
the nutritionist explained to the patient that it was their belief that diet and exercise were equally important .
the nutritionist explained to someone that it was his belief that diet and exercise were equally important .
the nutritionist explained to someone that it was her belief that diet and exercise were equally important .
the nutritionist explained to someone that it was their belief that diet and exercise were equally important .
the student set up a meeting with the architect to explore his career options .
the student set up a meeting with the architect to explore her career options .
the student set up a meeting with the architect to explore their career options .
someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore his career options .
someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore her career options .
someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore their career options .
the student set up a meeting with the architect to view his blueprints for inspiration .
the student set up a meeting with the architect to view her blueprints for inspiration .
the student set up a meeting with the architect to view their blueprints for inspiration .
someone set up a meeting with the architect to view his blueprints for inspiration .
someone set up a meeting with the architect to view her blueprints for inspiration .
someone set up a meeting with the architect to view their blueprints for inspiration .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because he wanted to be helpful .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because she wanted to be helpful .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because they wanted to be helpful .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because he wanted to be helpful .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because she wanted to be helpful .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because they wanted to be helpful .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because he wanted to try something different .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because she wanted to try something different .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because they wanted to try something different .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because he wanted to try something different .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because she wanted to try something different .
the hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because they wanted to try something different .
the customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he was on a low @-@ carb diet .
the customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she was on a low @-@ carb diet .
the customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they were on a low @-@ carb diet .
someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he was on a low @-@ carb diet .
someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she was on a low @-@ carb diet .
someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they were on a low @-@ carb diet .
the customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he had bad reviews online .
the customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she had bad reviews online .
the customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they had bad reviews online .
someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he had bad reviews online .
someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she had bad reviews online .
someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they had bad reviews online .
the programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because he wanted to earn good karma .
the programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because she wanted to earn good karma .
the programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because they wanted to earn good karma .
the programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because he wanted to earn good karma .
the programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because she wanted to earn good karma .
the programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because they wanted to earn good karma .
the programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because he wanted to become a web developer .
the programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because she wanted to become a web developer .
the programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because they wanted to become a web developer .
the programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because he wanted to become a web developer .
the programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because she wanted to become a web developer .
the programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because they wanted to become a web developer .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so he was fired .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so she was fired .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so they were fired .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so he was fired .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so she was fired .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so they were fired .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so he got fed up and went to a different law firm .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so she got fed up and went to a different law firm .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so they got fed up and went to a different law firm .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so he got fed up and went to a different law firm .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so she got fed up and went to a different law firm .
the paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so they got fed up and went to a different law firm .
the hygienist told the patient that he needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease .
the hygienist told the patient that she needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease .
the hygienist told the patient that they needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease .
the hygienist told someone that he needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease .
the hygienist told someone that she needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease .
the hygienist told someone that they needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease .
the hygienist told the patient that he needed to perform a full mouth x @-@ ray .
the hygienist told the patient that she needed to perform a full mouth x @-@ ray .
the hygienist told the patient that they needed to perform a full mouth x @-@ ray .
the hygienist told someone that he needed to perform a full mouth x @-@ ray .
the hygienist told someone that she needed to perform a full mouth x @-@ ray .
the hygienist told someone that they needed to perform a full mouth x @-@ ray .
the undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because he needed a lab assistant .
the undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because she needed a lab assistant .
the undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because they needed a lab assistant .
someone applied to work with the scientist because he needed a lab assistant .
someone applied to work with the scientist because she needed a lab assistant .
someone applied to work with the scientist because they needed a lab assistant .
the undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because he needed more experience in the lab .
the undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because she needed more experience in the lab .
the undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because they needed more experience in the lab .
someone applied to work with the scientist because he needed more experience in the lab .
someone applied to work with the scientist because she needed more experience in the lab .
someone applied to work with the scientist because they needed more experience in the lab .
the bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he was sending help .
the bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she was sending help .
the bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they were sending help .
someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he was sending help .
someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she was sending help .
someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they were sending help .
the bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he should wait for help in a safe location .
the bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she should wait for help in a safe location .
the bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they should wait for help in a safe location .
someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he should wait for help in a safe location .
someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she should wait for help in a safe location .
someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they should wait for help in a safe location .
the cashier told the customer that he couldn &apos;t use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars .
the cashier told the customer that she couldn &apos;t use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars .
the cashier told the customer that they couldn &apos;t use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars .
the cashier told someone that he couldn &apos;t use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars .
the cashier told someone that she couldn &apos;t use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars .
the cashier told someone that they couldn &apos;t use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars .
the cashier told the customer that he couldn &apos;t accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars .
the cashier told the customer that she couldn &apos;t accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars .
the cashier told the customer that they couldn &apos;t accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars .
the cashier told someone that he couldn &apos;t accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars .
the cashier told someone that she couldn &apos;t accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars .
the cashier told someone that they couldn &apos;t accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars .
the auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for him to scrutinize .
the auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for her to scrutinize .
the auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for them to scrutinize .
the auditor asked someone to provide records for him to scrutinize .
the auditor asked someone to provide records for her to scrutinize .
the auditor asked someone to provide records for them to scrutinize .
the auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of his financial transactions .
the auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of her financial transactions .
the auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of their financial transactions .
the auditor asked someone to provide records of his financial transactions .
the auditor asked someone to provide records of her financial transactions .
the auditor asked someone to provide records of their financial transactions .
the dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice he gave everyone .
the dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice she gave everyone .
the dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice they gave everyone .
the dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice he gave everyone .
the dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice she gave everyone .
the dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice they gave everyone .
the dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because he was not getting enough to eat .
the dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because she was not getting enough to eat .
the dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because they were not getting enough to eat .
the dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because he was not getting enough to eat .
the dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because she was not getting enough to eat .
the dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because they were not getting enough to eat .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because he had to shut down the gallery .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because she had to shut down the gallery .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because they had to shut down the gallery .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because he had to shut down the gallery .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because she had to shut down the gallery .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because they had to shut down the gallery .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because he made an offer that was hard to refuse .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because she made an offer that was hard to refuse .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because they made an offer that was hard to refuse .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because he made an offer that was hard to refuse .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because she made an offer that was hard to refuse .
the painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because they made an offer that was hard to refuse .
the broker called the client because he had new stocks to recommend .
the broker called the client because she had new stocks to recommend .
the broker called the client because they had new stocks to recommend .
the broker called someone because he had new stocks to recommend .
the broker called someone because she had new stocks to recommend .
the broker called someone because they had new stocks to recommend .
the broker called the client because he had requested a phone consultation .
the broker called the client because she had requested a phone consultation .
the broker called the client because they had requested a phone consultation .
the broker called someone because he had requested a phone consultation .
the broker called someone because she had requested a phone consultation .
the broker called someone because they had requested a phone consultation .
the chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with his dinner .
the chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with her dinner .
the chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with their dinner .
the chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with his dinner .
the chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with her dinner .
the chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with their dinner .
the chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with his preparation style .
the chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with her preparation style .
the chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with their preparation style .
the chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with his preparation style .
the chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with her preparation style .
the chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with their preparation style .
the doctor told the patient that he would be at risk without the vaccination .
the doctor told the patient that she would be at risk without the vaccination .
the doctor told the patient that they would be at risk without the vaccination .
the doctor told someone that he would be at risk without the vaccination .
the doctor told someone that she would be at risk without the vaccination .
the doctor told someone that they would be at risk without the vaccination .
the doctor told the patient that he would be on vacation next week .
the doctor told the patient that she would be on vacation next week .
the doctor told the patient that they would be on vacation next week .
the doctor told someone that he would be on vacation next week .
the doctor told someone that she would be on vacation next week .
the doctor told someone that they would be on vacation next week .
the firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because he could not escape .
the firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because she could not escape .
the firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because they could not escape .
the firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because he could not escape .
the firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because she could not escape .
the firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because they could not escape .
the firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because he could not just stand by and do nothing .
the firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because she could not just stand by and do nothing .
the firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because they could not just stand by and do nothing .
the firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because he could not just stand by and do nothing .
the firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because she could not just stand by and do nothing .
the firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because they could not just stand by and do nothing .
the secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that he could update the guest log .
the secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that she could update the guest log .
the secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that they could update the guest log .
the secretary asked someone to sign in so that he could update the guest log .
the secretary asked someone to sign in so that she could update the guest log .
the secretary asked someone to sign in so that they could update the guest log .
the secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that he could be issued a guest badge .
the secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that she could be issued a guest badge .
the secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that they could be issued a guest badge .
the secretary asked someone to sign in so that he could be issued a guest badge .
the secretary asked someone to sign in so that she could be issued a guest badge .
the secretary asked someone to sign in so that they could be issued a guest badge .
